{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-1",
	"episode_number": 1,
	"slug": "ep-1-why-is-recovery-important-to-you?",
	"title": "#1 - Why Is Recovery Important To You?",
	"date": "2020-06-29T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-06-29T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: The Reade is makin' sure you're safe. 2. The Topic: Why Is Recovery Important To You? 3. The Viewermail: Bad Ashley! Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Why Is Recovery Important To You?\n\n- This is a personal question obviously, that only you can answer.\n- Maybe you're interested in self-improving. (becoming a better person out of principle)\n- Recovery is important for me for a number of reasons.\n- As someone who has mental health issues, addiction exacerbates that tremendously.\n- Recovery is important simply so I can function in society.\n- I think you don't realise how important recovery is until you recover. You don't realise the extent to which it was impacting you, until you overcome it.\n- (talk about the desperation in porn addiction, going to the library to masturbate during work)\n- Imagine how your life would be different if you were recovered?\n- Of course, while I can tell you how it's important to me, only you can decide for yourself whether you want to commit to recovery or not.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nAshley Henderson from Enugu, Nigeria.\n\n\"Hey Julius. I think you look great today. (Thank you Ashley)\" (please send your number as well)\n\"Who's your favourite porn star?\"\n\n- Bad Question! Bad Ashley! Bad Ashley!\n- Die. Die. Die. Die. Die. (violent sound effects)\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the neverfapdeluxe website\n- I also do another podcast, The Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"recovery",
		"important"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id279909736?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/1---Why-Is-Recovery-Important-To-You--id2979644-id279909736",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/9w9Bpoiddg72U/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/9w9Bpoiddg72U/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Why Is Recovery Important To You?

- This is a personal question obviously, that only you can answer.
- Maybe you're interested in self-improving. (becoming a better person out of principle)
- Recovery is important for me for a number of reasons.
- As someone who has mental health issues, addiction exacerbates that tremendously.
- Recovery is important simply so I can function in society.
- I think you don't realise how important recovery is until you recover. You don't realise the extent to which it was impacting you, until you overcome it.
- (talk about the desperation in porn addiction, going to the library to masturbate during work)
- Imagine how your life would be different if you were recovered?
- Of course, while I can tell you how it's important to me, only you can decide for yourself whether you want to commit to recovery or not.
      
### the_viewermail


Ashley Henderson from Enugu, Nigeria.

"Hey Julius. I think you look great today. (Thank you Ashley)" (please send your number as well)
"Who's your favourite porn star?"

- Bad Question! Bad Ashley! Bad Ashley!
- Die. Die. Die. Die. Die. (violent sound effects)

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the neverfapdeluxe website
- I also do another podcast, The Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
