{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-10",
	"episode_number": 10,
	"slug": "ep-10-the-importance-of-an-effective-daily-routine",
	"title": "#10 - The Importance Of An Effective Daily Routine",
	"date": "2020-07-10T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-10T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Another day. Another checkup from The Reade. 2. The Topic: The Importance Of An Effective Daily Routine 3. The Viewermail: Apparently someone is keen on hearing about me quitting soap. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "The Importance Of An Effective Daily Routine\n\n- Routine is something that I have which helps me tremendously.\n- For me, routine is about having to think less, and especially dealing with stress.\n- Like, I get easily overwhelmed, but by sticking to my routine. NFD is an example, how there's so much I can possibly do with it.\n- It's also important, because it demonstrates possibility in what people can get done in their day.\n- A lot of people don't really know what to do, and so seeing what others can do helps.\n- Routine is also important early in our recovery to provide perspective.\n- Emotions, feelings and motivation are all things that we're battling with in the beginning.\n- But your routine always stays the same, and that's a really important thing for people to realise.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nBeet Meet (on the castbox channel)\n\n\"dear daddy reade, what has been your experience quitting the use of soap, and how can i stop using it forever and become godlike/big dick like you?\"\n\n- Well actually, your message makes no sense, in fact reading it has made me dumber.\n- So much so that I'm noticing a few psychological changes taking place.\n- For starters, I have this overwhelming urge to support Donald Trump, and as a result I just really feel like grabbing women by the pussy.\n- Suddenly, episodes of the big bang theory have become funny.\n- Go go. gaga. I'm not a baby.\n- Of course, chances are you're a young teenager and SOAP is in fact an acroyn for some kind of new drug out there, to which I respond, yes I think SOAP is great! It's real GROOVY yo'll.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"",
		""
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "",
	"castboxLink": "",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/84ZzhsJZWlE3e/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/84ZzhsJZWlE3e/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

The Importance Of An Effective Daily Routine

- Routine is something that I have which helps me tremendously.
- For me, routine is about having to think less, and especially dealing with stress.
- Like, I get easily overwhelmed, but by sticking to my routine. NFD is an example, how there's so much I can possibly do with it.
- It's also important, because it demonstrates possibility in what people can get done in their day.
- A lot of people don't really know what to do, and so seeing what others can do helps.
- Routine is also important early in our recovery to provide perspective.
- Emotions, feelings and motivation are all things that we're battling with in the beginning.
- But your routine always stays the same, and that's a really important thing for people to realise.
      
### the_viewermail


Beet Meet (on the castbox channel)

"dear daddy reade, what has been your experience quitting the use of soap, and how can i stop using it forever and become godlike/big dick like you?"

- Well actually, your message makes no sense, in fact reading it has made me dumber.
- So much so that I'm noticing a few psychological changes taking place.
- For starters, I have this overwhelming urge to support Donald Trump, and as a result I just really feel like grabbing women by the pussy.
- Suddenly, episodes of the big bang theory have become funny.
- Go go. gaga. I'm not a baby.
- Of course, chances are you're a young teenager and SOAP is in fact an acroyn for some kind of new drug out there, to which I respond, yes I think SOAP is great! It's real GROOVY yo'll.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
