{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-11",
	"episode_number": 11,
	"slug": "ep-11-how-much-does-your-porn-addiction-cost-you?",
	"title": "#11 - How Much Does Your Porn Addiction Cost You?",
	"date": "2020-07-13T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-13T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Doctor! Doctor! The Reade is here to save me! 2. The Topic: How Much Does Your Porn Addiction Cost You? 3. The Viewermail: This guy is allergic to gay sex. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "How Much Does Your Porn Addiction Cost You?\n\n- Cost is obviously a very subjective thing. But there are several costs to consider.\n  - Cost on your physical health and mental health (explain)\n  - Actual monetary cost is huge. Billions are spent every year on porn\n  - Let alone the time cost.\n- In other words, how much will you save not being addicted.\n- At the end of the day, everything comes at a cost (talk about coping mechanisms)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nLandon Morgan from Damascus, Syria.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Loving tonight show. Although I'm allergic to gay sex, I can't stop blowing other dudes. What do you think I should do?\"\n\n- I think you should just keep blowing guys. Everyone knows that it's good for your teeth. Gettin' a bit of dick going on there.\n- In my experience, you have to have sex with at least 50 other guys to confirm that you're 100% allergic. Double penetration obviously speeds up that process tremendously.\n- Although I will say, as someone who's name is Landon, you're most definitely not allergic to gay sex. That is the gayest name I've ever heard.\n- Although if you are truly allergic, then there is one way out. Unfortunately, it looks like you may have to kill yourself.\n- I know it's a hard realisation to come to, but suicide is actually not the cowards way out. (Do it. Do it. DO IT!)\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"porn addiction",
		"addiction"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "",
	"castboxLink": "",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/ui1hpJSyBDWlG/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/ui1hpJSyBDWlG/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

How Much Does Your Porn Addiction Cost You?

- Cost is obviously a very subjective thing. But there are several costs to consider.
  - Cost on your physical health and mental health (explain)
  - Actual monetary cost is huge. Billions are spent every year on porn
  - Let alone the time cost.
- In other words, how much will you save not being addicted.
- At the end of the day, everything comes at a cost (talk about coping mechanisms)
      
### the_viewermail


Landon Morgan from Damascus, Syria.

"Hey Julius. Loving tonight show. Although I'm allergic to gay sex, I can't stop blowing other dudes. What do you think I should do?"

- I think you should just keep blowing guys. Everyone knows that it's good for your teeth. Gettin' a bit of dick going on there.
- In my experience, you have to have sex with at least 50 other guys to confirm that you're 100% allergic. Double penetration obviously speeds up that process tremendously.
- Although I will say, as someone who's name is Landon, you're most definitely not allergic to gay sex. That is the gayest name I've ever heard.
- Although if you are truly allergic, then there is one way out. Unfortunately, it looks like you may have to kill yourself.
- I know it's a hard realisation to come to, but suicide is actually not the cowards way out. (Do it. Do it. DO IT!)

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
