{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-12",
	"episode_number": 12,
	"slug": "ep-12-what-do-you-hope-to-gain-from-life?",
	"title": "#12 - What Do You Hope To Gain From Life?",
	"date": "2020-07-14T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-14T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: It's just a bit of lead paint. I promise it's good for you. 2. The Topic: What Do You Hope To Gain From Life? 3. The Viewermail: Let me teach you about holes. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "What Do You Hope To Gain From Life?\n\n- This is just a casual topic.\n- What is it you want from life?\n  + Become famous\n  + Become a good person.\n  + Maybe you have a visual idea (a family, children, a house)\n  + Maybe you're in it for the learning and the experience of life.\n- Irrespective of who you want to become, it's not possible if you don't have control over your mind.\n- The way you do that is by having good mental health.\n- Furthermore, if you're not truly present with life, are you actually living it at all.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nJohn Cooper from Recife, Brazil.\n\n\"I think I inserted a dildo into the wrong hole, and I can't get it out. Can you please come to my aparment down and help me pull it out?\"\n\n- Firstly, how can you even confuse your holes. They're two very different holes.\n- There's the poo hole, then there's the pleasure hole.\n- There's also a third hole which is a gun wound where my dad shot me as a child, I like to finger that on occassion. Get on the webcam. Touch it sensually while crying under the trauma.\n- There's also that other hole where food goes into. You know, your butt hole.\n- So shame on you. For being retarded. (just casually disability shamed there)\n- As for helping you, absolutely not. (whisper: I'll come down later in my gimp outfit, and we'll have a good time)\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"life",
		"improve"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "",
	"castboxLink": "",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/l0IycSDCzNp4JvSFy/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/l0IycSDCzNp4JvSFy/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

What Do You Hope To Gain From Life?

- This is just a casual topic.
- What is it you want from life?
  + Become famous
  + Become a good person.
  + Maybe you have a visual idea (a family, children, a house)
  + Maybe you're in it for the learning and the experience of life.
- Irrespective of who you want to become, it's not possible if you don't have control over your mind.
- The way you do that is by having good mental health.
- Furthermore, if you're not truly present with life, are you actually living it at all.
      
### the_viewermail


John Cooper from Recife, Brazil.

"I think I inserted a dildo into the wrong hole, and I can't get it out. Can you please come to my aparment down and help me pull it out?"

- Firstly, how can you even confuse your holes. They're two very different holes.
- There's the poo hole, then there's the pleasure hole.
- There's also a third hole which is a gun wound where my dad shot me as a child, I like to finger that on occassion. Get on the webcam. Touch it sensually while crying under the trauma.
- There's also that other hole where food goes into. You know, your butt hole.
- So shame on you. For being retarded. (just casually disability shamed there)
- As for helping you, absolutely not. (whisper: I'll come down later in my gimp outfit, and we'll have a good time)

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
