{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-13",
	"episode_number": 13,
	"slug": "ep-13-does-recovery-get-easier-over-time?",
	"title": "#13 - Does Recovery Get Easier Over Time?",
	"date": "2020-07-15T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-15T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Allow me to diagnose you in the worst way possible. 2. The Topic: Does Recovery Get Easier Over Time? 3. The Viewermail: This guy likes sausage quite a lot. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Does Recovery Get Easier Over Time?\n\n- Hard answer, it depends.\n- For most it doesn't, because they approach it in the wrong way.\n- Basically, people who pursue unhealthy coping mechanisms get nowhere.\n  + distraction\n  + escapism\n  + judgement.\n- These things do not improve clarity or awareness, therefore do not allow you to consciously change your behaviours.\n- Recovery does get easier however if you focus on your mental health.\n- This means meditating daily.\n- Working on identifying unhealthy behaviours and changing them.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nMia Gonzales from Davao City, Philippines.\n\n\"I'm thinking of raping a meat sausage, although the whole rape idea makes me feel uncomfortable. Should I maybe eat the sausage instead?\"\n\n- Absolutely not, you should definitely rape that sausage.\n- Sausages really are the sluts of the meat world, so it's important that you treat them as such.\n- I personally like to spit on my sausage before I absolutely devour it.\n-\n- And I want to make it clear, under no circumstances is it actually okay to eat the sausage. That is far too civil. You're doing the sausage a HUGE disfavour.\n\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"recovery",
		"struggle"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "",
	"castboxLink": "",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/eNpXWzGIMRjIo4lXT8/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/eNpXWzGIMRjIo4lXT8/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Does Recovery Get Easier Over Time?

- Hard answer, it depends.
- For most it doesn't, because they approach it in the wrong way.
- Basically, people who pursue unhealthy coping mechanisms get nowhere.
  + distraction
  + escapism
  + judgement.
- These things do not improve clarity or awareness, therefore do not allow you to consciously change your behaviours.
- Recovery does get easier however if you focus on your mental health.
- This means meditating daily.
- Working on identifying unhealthy behaviours and changing them.
      
### the_viewermail


Mia Gonzales from Davao City, Philippines.

"I'm thinking of raping a meat sausage, although the whole rape idea makes me feel uncomfortable. Should I maybe eat the sausage instead?"

- Absolutely not, you should definitely rape that sausage.
- Sausages really are the sluts of the meat world, so it's important that you treat them as such.
- I personally like to spit on my sausage before I absolutely devour it.
-
- And I want to make it clear, under no circumstances is it actually okay to eat the sausage. That is far too civil. You're doing the sausage a HUGE disfavour.


### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
