{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-14",
	"episode_number": 14,
	"slug": "ep-14-what-do-you-struggle-with-most-about-your-recovery?",
	"title": "#14 - What Do You Struggle With Most About Your Recovery?",
	"date": "2020-07-16T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-16T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: It's just casual meth. It's just another fantastic checkup! 2. The Topic: What Do You Struggle With Most About Your Recovery? 3. The Viewermail: Your mum doesn't love you and I can totally understand why. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "What Do You Struggle With Most About Your Recovery?\n\n- This is an important thing for you to think about.\n- In fact, this is basically the process of recovery - constant iteration.\n- What a lot of people do is they focus on the symptoms - they specify the type of porn they struggle with for example, or like how can I distract myself from my urges.\n- What they don't realise is that all their struggle comes down to a failure of awareness.\n- The only reason why you relapse or have urges, is because you didn't hae the awareness to catch the behaviours which lead to those outcomes.\n- Identifying struggle is ultimately about identifying how you can be more aware throughout your day.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nAaron White from Šabac, Serbia.\n\n\"Why doesn't my mum love me.\"\n\n- Well, for starters even I don't love you, so that's 2 for 2.\n- There's a lot of reasons why your mother doesn't love you.\n- Maybe you're not even actually her son. Maybe you're adopted? I mean, have you noticed how you have black skin and your mother has white skin?!?!\n- Maybe it's because all you're only 12 years old and all you do is take, take, take. When was the last time you had to work in an office 8 hours a day and actually earn some money!\n- Are you an A+ student!?!! Clearly not, because fact is, no one loves you and should definitely run away from home and possibly drown yourself in a lake where no one will ever find you.\n\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"struggle",
		"recovery"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id285358350?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/14---What-Do-You-Struggle-With-Most-About-Your-Recovery--id2979644-id285358350",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/ui1hpJSyBDWlG/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/ui1hpJSyBDWlG/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

What Do You Struggle With Most About Your Recovery?

- This is an important thing for you to think about.
- In fact, this is basically the process of recovery - constant iteration.
- What a lot of people do is they focus on the symptoms - they specify the type of porn they struggle with for example, or like how can I distract myself from my urges.
- What they don't realise is that all their struggle comes down to a failure of awareness.
- The only reason why you relapse or have urges, is because you didn't hae the awareness to catch the behaviours which lead to those outcomes.
- Identifying struggle is ultimately about identifying how you can be more aware throughout your day.
      
### the_viewermail


Aaron White from Šabac, Serbia.

"Why doesn't my mum love me."

- Well, for starters even I don't love you, so that's 2 for 2.
- There's a lot of reasons why your mother doesn't love you.
- Maybe you're not even actually her son. Maybe you're adopted? I mean, have you noticed how you have black skin and your mother has white skin?!?!
- Maybe it's because all you're only 12 years old and all you do is take, take, take. When was the last time you had to work in an office 8 hours a day and actually earn some money!
- Are you an A+ student!?!! Clearly not, because fact is, no one loves you and should definitely run away from home and possibly drown yourself in a lake where no one will ever find you.


### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
