{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-15",
	"episode_number": 15,
	"slug": "ep-15-the-fallacy-of-sheer-willpower",
	"title": "#15 - The Fallacy Of Sheer Willpower",
	"date": "2020-07-17T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-17T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: I'm sorry, but it looks like you have cancer. 2. The Topic: The Fallacy Of Sheer Willpower 3. The Viewermail: Fine. I'll stop having sex with your daughter. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "The Fallacy Of Sheer Willpower\n\n- Willpower is a misconception based on this idea of struggle.\n- Why? Because those starting out literally know nothing but struggle, so they falsely assume that struggle itself is the process.\n- It's like saying, I'm no longer addicted to cigarettes, but I now really hate my life and everythign is awful! Can you successfully say you've recovered in that scenario?\n- Truth is, you're not recovering if you're struggling.\n- You're only recovering once you're learning to eliminate that struggle, and you don't do that by smashing your head against a brick wall.\n- You do it by developing self-control, which comes from awareness and more importantly, letting go.\n- And the way you do this is by developing your awareness. AKA meditation.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nLandon Brown from Ciudad Juárez, Mexico.\n\n\"Dear Julius. Can you please stop having sex with my hot daughter. It's disgusting, and furthermore she is only for me to have sex with. Regards, a concerned father.\"\n\n- You having sex with your daughter is obviously a terrifying revelation.\n- But hey, maybe we can come to some sort of compromise. Maybe you can do weekdays and I can cover weekends?\n- Maybe we can take different holes, if you know what I mean? Cut down the effort in half.\n- I mean, how much would it cost to outright buy your daughter? Would you take a lifetime subscription to NFD?\n- God damn it, just let me have sex with your daughter or I'm going to kill myself! I'm going to do it. It's happening!\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"fallacy",
		"willpower"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id285358546?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/15---The-Fallacy-Of-Sheer-Willpower-id2979644-id285358546",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/84ZzhsJZWlE3e/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/84ZzhsJZWlE3e/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

The Fallacy Of Sheer Willpower

- Willpower is a misconception based on this idea of struggle.
- Why? Because those starting out literally know nothing but struggle, so they falsely assume that struggle itself is the process.
- It's like saying, I'm no longer addicted to cigarettes, but I now really hate my life and everythign is awful! Can you successfully say you've recovered in that scenario?
- Truth is, you're not recovering if you're struggling.
- You're only recovering once you're learning to eliminate that struggle, and you don't do that by smashing your head against a brick wall.
- You do it by developing self-control, which comes from awareness and more importantly, letting go.
- And the way you do this is by developing your awareness. AKA meditation.
      
### the_viewermail


Landon Brown from Ciudad Juárez, Mexico.

"Dear Julius. Can you please stop having sex with my hot daughter. It's disgusting, and furthermore she is only for me to have sex with. Regards, a concerned father."

- You having sex with your daughter is obviously a terrifying revelation.
- But hey, maybe we can come to some sort of compromise. Maybe you can do weekdays and I can cover weekends?
- Maybe we can take different holes, if you know what I mean? Cut down the effort in half.
- I mean, how much would it cost to outright buy your daughter? Would you take a lifetime subscription to NFD?
- God damn it, just let me have sex with your daughter or I'm going to kill myself! I'm going to do it. It's happening!

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
