{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-16",
	"episode_number": 16,
	"slug": "ep-16-taking-recovery-one-step-at-a-time",
	"title": "#16 - Taking Recovery One Step At A Time",
	"date": "2020-07-20T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-20T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: THIS IS HOW WE DO IT BRO. 2. The Topic: Taking Recovery One Step At A Time 3. The Viewermail: Let's try and fetishise heart disease. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Taking Recovery One Step At A Time\n\n- I wanted to talk about this so you could have a better understanding of how to analyse and identify our behaviours.\n- The problem is that people don't know how to break things down. They get too overwhelmed with their emotions and feelings.\n- A lot of this comes down to the fact that people largely have unhealthy coping mechanisms. They get overwhelmed because they haven't learnt any other strategies.\n- Ultimately, taking it one step at a time is an iterative approach, and effectively describes the process of developing awareness.\n- Essentially identifying behaviours and addressing them either with new behaviours or eliminating that behaviour overall.\n- Mentally, this also means learnint to slow your mind down. This is in part what meditation aims to achieve.\n- Slow it down buddy! And of course this ties back into learning to let go as well.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nChristian Morris from Dunedin, New Zealand.\n\n\"Hey Julius. You absolute mad dawg! I've recently developed a fetish for heart disease. Would you be able to record yourself eating a stick of butter? I'm willing to offer you a healthy cash sum.\"\n\n- Well I mean, what are we talkin'. A dollar? Three fifty?\n- I mean, would you be willing to offer more if I were to milk myself DRY and churn that milk into butter and then eat it?\n- What if I mix my semen into the butter? Would you then be willing to drive my children to school in addition to the initial amount?\n- Would I have to do it in public, or in front of my mother? I MEAN GOD DAMN IT CHRISTIAN, WHAT IS IT YOU WANT FROM ME?\n- YOU SICK BASTARD. But yeah, just send me an email with an invoice and it looks like we're good to go. Standard 40% deposit, and wide angle is also another 10% deposit for liability issues.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"recovery",
		"gradual"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id288410402?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/16---Taking-Recovery-One-Step-At-A-Time-id2979644-id288410402",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/l1ugbvVp9O98ds6Ig/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/l1ugbvVp9O98ds6Ig/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Taking Recovery One Step At A Time

- I wanted to talk about this so you could have a better understanding of how to analyse and identify our behaviours.
- The problem is that people don't know how to break things down. They get too overwhelmed with their emotions and feelings.
- A lot of this comes down to the fact that people largely have unhealthy coping mechanisms. They get overwhelmed because they haven't learnt any other strategies.
- Ultimately, taking it one step at a time is an iterative approach, and effectively describes the process of developing awareness.
- Essentially identifying behaviours and addressing them either with new behaviours or eliminating that behaviour overall.
- Mentally, this also means learnint to slow your mind down. This is in part what meditation aims to achieve.
- Slow it down buddy! And of course this ties back into learning to let go as well.
      
### the_viewermail


Christian Morris from Dunedin, New Zealand.

"Hey Julius. You absolute mad dawg! I've recently developed a fetish for heart disease. Would you be able to record yourself eating a stick of butter? I'm willing to offer you a healthy cash sum."

- Well I mean, what are we talkin'. A dollar? Three fifty?
- I mean, would you be willing to offer more if I were to milk myself DRY and churn that milk into butter and then eat it?
- What if I mix my semen into the butter? Would you then be willing to drive my children to school in addition to the initial amount?
- Would I have to do it in public, or in front of my mother? I MEAN GOD DAMN IT CHRISTIAN, WHAT IS IT YOU WANT FROM ME?
- YOU SICK BASTARD. But yeah, just send me an email with an invoice and it looks like we're good to go. Standard 40% deposit, and wide angle is also another 10% deposit for liability issues.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
