{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-17",
	"episode_number": 17,
	"slug": "ep-17-is-it-okay-to-masturbate-without-porn?",
	"title": "#17 - Is It Okay To Masturbate Without Porn?",
	"date": "2020-07-21T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-21T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Is everything okay!? How can I help you today!? 2. The Topic: Is It Okay To Masturbate Without Porn? 3. The Viewermail: Mother Terassa's dead body. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Is It Okay To Masturbate Without Porn?\n\n- Short answer, no. It's not okay to masturbate without porn.\n- Why's it not okay? Well here are some of the reasons.\n  - For starters, the dopamine rush you get from masturbating is still incredibly disruptive to our aim of maintaining mental balance.\n  - And a consequence of this is that masturbating for a lot of people is a huge trigger to go and then watch porn.\n  - The primary reason from a recovery point of view is that masturbating does nothing to help us develop control over our mind. So effectively, it doesn't help you recover, even if it is a way to cope.\n\n- Here's the deal. You have no requirement to masturbate, at all. It is a coping mechanism, but it is one of millions of coping mechanisms and there are better ways to cope.\n- You ever tried crochet~! That shit is intense~! Murder!? Now that's a great way to relax!\n- I hope that helps!\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nEvelyn Wright from Cheyenne, United States.\n\n\"Hey Julius, I'm a sick bastard and I thrive off depravity. What's the dirtiest thought you can come up with?\"\n- Cumming inside Mother Terassa's dead body whilst groping an innocent child.\n- And trust me, I don't feel proud saying that.\n- But the Reade delivers.\n- And if you'd like to donate money to fight against Mother Terassa's Estate lawyer's for defamation, there are many different ways you can donate.\n- We will take your unused semen.\n- Money is probably less helpful, but definitely that unused semen is what we're looking for.\n- Dick pics are also a valid form of currency, according to The Reade.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"masturbation",
		"porn"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id288410573?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/17---Is-It-Okay-To-Masturbate-Without-Porn--id2979644-id288410573",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/u2LJ0n4lx6jF6/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/u2LJ0n4lx6jF6/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Is It Okay To Masturbate Without Porn?

- Short answer, no. It's not okay to masturbate without porn.
- Why's it not okay? Well here are some of the reasons.
  - For starters, the dopamine rush you get from masturbating is still incredibly disruptive to our aim of maintaining mental balance.
  - And a consequence of this is that masturbating for a lot of people is a huge trigger to go and then watch porn.
  - The primary reason from a recovery point of view is that masturbating does nothing to help us develop control over our mind. So effectively, it doesn't help you recover, even if it is a way to cope.

- Here's the deal. You have no requirement to masturbate, at all. It is a coping mechanism, but it is one of millions of coping mechanisms and there are better ways to cope.
- You ever tried crochet~! That shit is intense~! Murder!? Now that's a great way to relax!
- I hope that helps!
      
### the_viewermail


Evelyn Wright from Cheyenne, United States.

"Hey Julius, I'm a sick bastard and I thrive off depravity. What's the dirtiest thought you can come up with?"
- Cumming inside Mother Terassa's dead body whilst groping an innocent child.
- And trust me, I don't feel proud saying that.
- But the Reade delivers.
- And if you'd like to donate money to fight against Mother Terassa's Estate lawyer's for defamation, there are many different ways you can donate.
- We will take your unused semen.
- Money is probably less helpful, but definitely that unused semen is what we're looking for.
- Dick pics are also a valid form of currency, according to The Reade.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
