{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-18",
	"episode_number": 18,
	"slug": "ep-18-is-it-ever-okay-to-relapse?",
	"title": "#18 - Is It Ever Okay To Relapse?",
	"date": "2020-07-22T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-22T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: I'm taking your temperature today ...aaaaand CAN YOU PLEASE GET YOUR HANDS OFF ME. 2. The Topic: Is It Ever Okay To Relapse? 3. The Viewermail: My favourite sexual position with other men. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Is It Ever Okay To Relapse?\n\n- Short answer, no. It is never okay to relapse.\n- If you're thinking about relapse then it basically means that you don't have a solid mental health strategy down.\n- Put simply, you are only effective as your mental health strategy.\n- Recovery is not a matter of trying to wing it or thing it's about resolve, because that's the kind of bs that gets you a month, and then ends in relapse.\n\n- Utimately what we are attempting to do is maintain mental balance.\n  - When you have mental balance, you don't have urges and you don't struggle and you don't feel like you need to relapse, because you're balanced.\n- How do you develop mental balance?\n- Well, you do it by developing your awareness, which allows you to consciously change your behaviours.\n\n- Of course, by all means, relapse if the alternative is you beating your wife, because it's better to cope than not cope at all.\n- But in general there is no valid reason to relapse when you have other healthier coping mechanisms available to you.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nAlyssa Diaz from Bradford, United Kingdom.\n\n\"Hi Julius. You absolute beast! What's your favourite sexual position? Especially with other men.\"\n- Personally I like to crawl into a ball and cry as my partner hits me and tells me how worthless I am. I call it The Julius Reade.\n- Reverse cowgirl is one that I invented back in the late 80s'. I was a daring pornographer seeking new ways to thrill and entertain.\n- When it's with a gay, as an obvious homosexual myself, I like to punch him in the back of the head while screaming \"I'm a gay man!\" from the top of my lungs.\n- Then I take their wallet and never call back, because a priest told me not to do it and I'm naughty!\n- In general however I will admit that I'm a gentle lovers. Usually I won't have sex with you until I first meet your mother and father, as well as have sex with your siblings CAUSE THE READE IS A WHORE!?!?!\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"relapse",
		"PMO"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "18",
	"castboxLink": "18",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/u2LJ0n4lx6jF6/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/u2LJ0n4lx6jF6/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Is It Ever Okay To Relapse?

- Short answer, no. It is never okay to relapse.
- If you're thinking about relapse then it basically means that you don't have a solid mental health strategy down.
- Put simply, you are only effective as your mental health strategy.
- Recovery is not a matter of trying to wing it or thing it's about resolve, because that's the kind of bs that gets you a month, and then ends in relapse.

- Utimately what we are attempting to do is maintain mental balance.
  - When you have mental balance, you don't have urges and you don't struggle and you don't feel like you need to relapse, because you're balanced.
- How do you develop mental balance?
- Well, you do it by developing your awareness, which allows you to consciously change your behaviours.

- Of course, by all means, relapse if the alternative is you beating your wife, because it's better to cope than not cope at all.
- But in general there is no valid reason to relapse when you have other healthier coping mechanisms available to you.
      
### the_viewermail


Alyssa Diaz from Bradford, United Kingdom.

"Hi Julius. You absolute beast! What's your favourite sexual position? Especially with other men."
- Personally I like to crawl into a ball and cry as my partner hits me and tells me how worthless I am. I call it The Julius Reade.
- Reverse cowgirl is one that I invented back in the late 80s'. I was a daring pornographer seeking new ways to thrill and entertain.
- When it's with a gay, as an obvious homosexual myself, I like to punch him in the back of the head while screaming "I'm a gay man!" from the top of my lungs.
- Then I take their wallet and never call back, because a priest told me not to do it and I'm naughty!
- In general however I will admit that I'm a gentle lovers. Usually I won't have sex with you until I first meet your mother and father, as well as have sex with your siblings CAUSE THE READE IS A WHORE!?!?!

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
