{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-19",
	"episode_number": 19,
	"slug": "ep-19-what-to-expect-from-life-post-addiction",
	"title": "#19 - What To Expect From Life Post-Addiction",
	"date": "2020-07-23T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-23T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: I think I relapsed into a cup. Oh wait, it's the checkup! 2. The Topic: What To Expect From Life Post-Addiction 3. The Viewermail: Is it normal to masturbate in public? Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "What To Expect From Life Post-Addiction\n\n- I want you to picture a blue carrot typing frantically on a macbook pro. Now replace that image with your porn and your addiction.\n- That's what it's like post-addiction. It becomes a non-thought.\n\n- An interesting thing I've observed is that a lot of people's fear are based solely in addiction.\n- For example, worried that you won't be able to experience porn again. Guess what, you won't even be thinking about porn to ever want to experience it again!\n\n- Of course, it depends entirely on whether you continue to engage with your mental health routine. This is a lifetime commitment. There are no quick fixes.\n- It doesn't matter if you're 10 days, 3 months or even 20 years since you last whacked one out, you must always be working on your mental health.\n- You know when you have that regret when you relapse and you're like why did I throw this away? Well yeah, that's because you decided not to work on your mental health and everything fell apart.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nDylan Kelly from Libreville, Gabon.\n\n\"Hey Julius. I've begun masturbating in public as an alternative to masturbating to porn. Is this a normal or healthy thing to do?\"\n\n- Firstly, how dare you contribute towards the stigma that is public masturbation. Not only is it completely healthy, but it's a life skill that you will take you very far.\n  - Feeling nervous during a job interview? Just wack it out and start beating it!\n  - Maybe you want to impress a fine young lady walkin' down the street. BAM~! Rock out with you cock out.\n- And you know if you feel uncomfortable masturbating in public, I offer group classes where we masturbate at the train station, the shopping mall, the kindergarten.\n- Now on the other hand, gay sex. Now that's weird. Booo! Burn homosexuals, or whatever the bible says.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"post-addiction",
		"recovery"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "19",
	"castboxLink": "19",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/LlwxikHgs21Hy/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/LlwxikHgs21Hy/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

What To Expect From Life Post-Addiction

- I want you to picture a blue carrot typing frantically on a macbook pro. Now replace that image with your porn and your addiction.
- That's what it's like post-addiction. It becomes a non-thought.

- An interesting thing I've observed is that a lot of people's fear are based solely in addiction.
- For example, worried that you won't be able to experience porn again. Guess what, you won't even be thinking about porn to ever want to experience it again!

- Of course, it depends entirely on whether you continue to engage with your mental health routine. This is a lifetime commitment. There are no quick fixes.
- It doesn't matter if you're 10 days, 3 months or even 20 years since you last whacked one out, you must always be working on your mental health.
- You know when you have that regret when you relapse and you're like why did I throw this away? Well yeah, that's because you decided not to work on your mental health and everything fell apart.
      
### the_viewermail


Dylan Kelly from Libreville, Gabon.

"Hey Julius. I've begun masturbating in public as an alternative to masturbating to porn. Is this a normal or healthy thing to do?"

- Firstly, how dare you contribute towards the stigma that is public masturbation. Not only is it completely healthy, but it's a life skill that you will take you very far.
  - Feeling nervous during a job interview? Just wack it out and start beating it!
  - Maybe you want to impress a fine young lady walkin' down the street. BAM~! Rock out with you cock out.
- And you know if you feel uncomfortable masturbating in public, I offer group classes where we masturbate at the train station, the shopping mall, the kindergarten.
- Now on the other hand, gay sex. Now that's weird. Booo! Burn homosexuals, or whatever the bible says.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
