{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-2",
	"episode_number": 2,
	"slug": "ep-2-why-pmo-streaks-don't-matter",
	"title": "#2 - Why PMO Streaks Don't Matter",
	"date": "2020-06-30T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-06-30T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Would you like a CHECKUP BBY? 2. The Topic: Why PMO Streaks Don't Matter. 3. The Viewermail: The Reade has sexy legs. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Why PMO Streaks Don't Matter\n\n- Let's start with the fundamentals.\n- Recovery is about mental health. (elaborate on practice, balance, )\n- Streaks are just arbitrary numbers. They do nothing for your mental health.\n- Streaks don't improve on developing control over your mind, and becoming a better person\n- What's the alternative? Actually focus on your mental health.\n- It's the difference between reading about weight lifting and obsessing about it, and actually weight lifting.\n- In addition, streaks don't prove anything.\n- You can get 1 month, but if you're really struggling throughout it, then are you actually recovering?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nElla Perez from Colombo, Sri Lanka.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Loving' the show. How are your legs so sexy?\"\n\n- I just want to say, that it is undeniable that I have sexy legs. (they attract all sorts of rodents and other sexy creatures)\n- Well, lube is obviously very important to maintaining sexy legs.\n- Now that I'm no longer masturbating, I like to slather it on.\n- Also know as the Julius Reade fleshlight. It's where guys like yourself, rub up and down my leg.\n- It's 50 cents a ride and all profits go towards cancer research.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the neverfapdeluxe website\n- I also do another podcast, The Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"PMO",
		"streaks"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id279909911?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/2---Why-PMO-Streaks-Don't-Matter-id2979644-id279909911",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/3oEduQ3OiH7kZQj3a0/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/3oEduQ3OiH7kZQj3a0/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Why PMO Streaks Don't Matter

- Let's start with the fundamentals.
- Recovery is about mental health. (elaborate on practice, balance, )
- Streaks are just arbitrary numbers. They do nothing for your mental health.
- Streaks don't improve on developing control over your mind, and becoming a better person
- What's the alternative? Actually focus on your mental health.
- It's the difference between reading about weight lifting and obsessing about it, and actually weight lifting.
- In addition, streaks don't prove anything.
- You can get 1 month, but if you're really struggling throughout it, then are you actually recovering?
      
### the_viewermail


Ella Perez from Colombo, Sri Lanka.

"Hey Julius. Loving' the show. How are your legs so sexy?"

- I just want to say, that it is undeniable that I have sexy legs. (they attract all sorts of rodents and other sexy creatures)
- Well, lube is obviously very important to maintaining sexy legs.
- Now that I'm no longer masturbating, I like to slather it on.
- Also know as the Julius Reade fleshlight. It's where guys like yourself, rub up and down my leg.
- It's 50 cents a ride and all profits go towards cancer research.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the neverfapdeluxe website
- I also do another podcast, The Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
