{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-20",
	"episode_number": 20,
	"slug": "ep-20-recovery-is-not-a-permanent-state-of-mind",
	"title": "#20 - Recovery Is Not A Permanent State Of Mind",
	"date": "2020-07-24T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-24T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Doctor Reade is here to help. 2. The Topic: Recovery Is Not A Permanent State Of Mind 3. The Viewermail: I love cats n' chuck. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Recovery Is Not A Permanent State Of Mind\n\n- The point of this discussion is to basically drill in a key message when it comes to recovery.\n- There is no such thing as being permanently recovered. Recovery is not a switch.\n\n- Recovery is a constant process of maintaining balance.\n- The moment you lose balance is when everything falls apart and you relapse.\n- This is why consistency and in particular consistent meditation is so important.\n- If you're not working on your mental health, you lose it.\n- That much is clear.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nThis is from an email I received, I love cats.\n\n\"I've gotten so addicted that whenever I masturbate to Chica from Five Nights at Freddy's, I used a cheese cutter so I can imagine those chicken teeth blowing me. What should I do!?\"\n\n- Well yeah, it kind of sounds like using a cheese cutter is a completely valid way to relieve yourself.\n- In fact, I retired my cheese cutter a long time ago and instead I use my trusty chainsaw. (play chainsaw sound effect)\n- You get all the benefits of the grater, with ten times the power!\n- You know, because I've got a dick as big as a log. And the chainsaw helps me cut it into sections so I can sell parts of it off to the big logging conglomerations.\n- To be turned into paper and all sorts of electronic goods.\n- But you know if you're still young and the cheese cutter if workin' out for you, then well done son! I know you'll grow up to be a fine addict one day.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"recovery"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "10",
	"castboxLink": "10",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/NuK5Nn3SdxiCY/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/NuK5Nn3SdxiCY/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Recovery Is Not A Permanent State Of Mind

- The point of this discussion is to basically drill in a key message when it comes to recovery.
- There is no such thing as being permanently recovered. Recovery is not a switch.

- Recovery is a constant process of maintaining balance.
- The moment you lose balance is when everything falls apart and you relapse.
- This is why consistency and in particular consistent meditation is so important.
- If you're not working on your mental health, you lose it.
- That much is clear.
      
### the_viewermail


This is from an email I received, I love cats.

"I've gotten so addicted that whenever I masturbate to Chica from Five Nights at Freddy's, I used a cheese cutter so I can imagine those chicken teeth blowing me. What should I do!?"

- Well yeah, it kind of sounds like using a cheese cutter is a completely valid way to relieve yourself.
- In fact, I retired my cheese cutter a long time ago and instead I use my trusty chainsaw. (play chainsaw sound effect)
- You get all the benefits of the grater, with ten times the power!
- You know, because I've got a dick as big as a log. And the chainsaw helps me cut it into sections so I can sell parts of it off to the big logging conglomerations.
- To be turned into paper and all sorts of electronic goods.
- But you know if you're still young and the cheese cutter if workin' out for you, then well done son! I know you'll grow up to be a fine addict one day.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
