{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-21",
	"episode_number": 21,
	"slug": "ep-21-how-to-feel-empowered-about-your-recovery",
	"title": "#21 - How To Feel Empowered About Your Recovery",
	"date": "2020-07-27T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-27T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: The Reade is here to checkup on le you. 2. The Topic: How To Feel Empowered About Your Recovery 3. The Viewermail: I teach a child some super cool teen activities! Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "How To Feel Empowered About Your Recovery\n\n- Empowerment is actually a really simple concept in the context of recovery.\n- Essentially, all empowerment is is having confidence in your own mental health strategy.\n- Put simply, your recovery is only as effective as your mental health routine.\n- You live and die by your routine.\n- So in order to feel empowered, you essentially need to have confidence that the actions you're taking are allowing to have control over your mental health.\n- For most people it's as simple as meditating 10 minutes each day.\n- Empowerment isn't about inflating your ego or feeling like some kind of God.\n- It's about having confidence in your behaviours.\n- Of course, if you're wondering what that process is, you can checkout the NFD website.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nAaliyah Baker from Zamboanga City, Philippines.\n\n\"I'm twelve and I have trouble taking a solid dick pic. I've tried all sorts of techniques and angles, but I can't quite get to look how I want it. Can you please help Mr. Reade?\"\n\n- Firstly, please don't call me Mr. Reade. It's creepy.\n- Secondly, for legal reasons obviously I cannot encourage a twelve year old such as yourself to take dick pics.\n- But what I can do instead is recommend some super cool teenage activities!\n- Fortnite!?!? Skateboarding!?!? Isn't that what the cool kids are doing these days? Maybe your parents recently divorced\n- Of course, maybe you're not actually twelve years old and you're actually an ashamed 30 year old with the equivalent penis of a twelve year old.\n- Then what I can recommend is to shave that bush right back, and basically angle the camera as if it were infused with your chest.\n- That way you can get a really long shot and it'll make it look like you have a solid 12 incher.\n- Not that I do that, because my penis is hella big.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"recovery",
		"empowerment"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "21",
	"castboxLink": "21",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/ui1hpJSyBDWlG/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/ui1hpJSyBDWlG/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

How To Feel Empowered About Your Recovery

- Empowerment is actually a really simple concept in the context of recovery.
- Essentially, all empowerment is is having confidence in your own mental health strategy.
- Put simply, your recovery is only as effective as your mental health routine.
- You live and die by your routine.
- So in order to feel empowered, you essentially need to have confidence that the actions you're taking are allowing to have control over your mental health.
- For most people it's as simple as meditating 10 minutes each day.
- Empowerment isn't about inflating your ego or feeling like some kind of God.
- It's about having confidence in your behaviours.
- Of course, if you're wondering what that process is, you can checkout the NFD website.
      
### the_viewermail


Aaliyah Baker from Zamboanga City, Philippines.

"I'm twelve and I have trouble taking a solid dick pic. I've tried all sorts of techniques and angles, but I can't quite get to look how I want it. Can you please help Mr. Reade?"

- Firstly, please don't call me Mr. Reade. It's creepy.
- Secondly, for legal reasons obviously I cannot encourage a twelve year old such as yourself to take dick pics.
- But what I can do instead is recommend some super cool teenage activities!
- Fortnite!?!? Skateboarding!?!? Isn't that what the cool kids are doing these days? Maybe your parents recently divorced
- Of course, maybe you're not actually twelve years old and you're actually an ashamed 30 year old with the equivalent penis of a twelve year old.
- Then what I can recommend is to shave that bush right back, and basically angle the camera as if it were infused with your chest.
- That way you can get a really long shot and it'll make it look like you have a solid 12 incher.
- Not that I do that, because my penis is hella big.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
