{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-22",
	"episode_number": 22,
	"slug": "ep-22-why-do-we-have-wet-dreams?",
	"title": "#22 - Why Do We Have Wet Dreams?",
	"date": "2020-07-28T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-28T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: \"It's just a bit of casual meth.\" It's the checkup! 2. The Topic: Why Do We Have Wet Dreams? 3. The Viewermail: Doctor Reade saves someone from the grips of suicide. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Why Do We Have Wet Dreams?\n\n- Wet dreams can happen for any number of reasons.\n- In general they're a result of having an unbalanced mind. In a sense you can think of them as a subconscious relapse.\n- A common misconception is that they're uncontrollable, but that's not true. Essentially, you don't have wet dreams when you're mentally balanced.\n- I can definitely say I've only had wet dreams when I've been depressed or not really caring about my recovery or the result of what happens with it.\n- Essentially if you're not mentally balanced, then it means there's a gap in your recovery strategy.\n- Maybe you're not handling those difficult emotions efficiently. Maybe you're feeling stressed and over-worked. Maybe you're not being consistent with your meditation.\n- At the end of the day, it's about focusing on your mental health.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nBrandon James from Maebashi, Japan.\n\n\"Hey Julius.\"\n\"I've been having suicidal thoughts lately. Tonight might be the night that I end it all. I feel like I have no reason to live. What should I do?\"\n\n- I know Brandon that life must be incredibly difficult for you. Especially in modern Japan with the long work hours and rigid heirarchy.\n- But no matter how difficult it gets, I just want to let youy know that The Reade loves you.\n- But of course, I would love you even more if you were to subscribe to the podcast and leave a lovely review on our Castbox or iTunes channel.\n- And you know, life is definitely worth living knowing that you're giving money to a good cause, so for a measely sum of $10,000 to me, Julius Reade, I promise you that you will feel a sense of purpose like never before.\n- Listen Brandon, I will blow you if you help me do my taxes. That's how much life is worth living.\n- On the other hand if you're kind of poor, then eh, it's probably worth killing yourself. But who knows, maybe you can take a second credit card out. Just sayin'.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"recovery",
		"wet dreams"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id289334648?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/22---Why-Do-We-Have-Wet-Dreams--id2979644-id289334648",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/11ibJb7SdPjvTW/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/11ibJb7SdPjvTW/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Why Do We Have Wet Dreams?

- Wet dreams can happen for any number of reasons.
- In general they're a result of having an unbalanced mind. In a sense you can think of them as a subconscious relapse.
- A common misconception is that they're uncontrollable, but that's not true. Essentially, you don't have wet dreams when you're mentally balanced.
- I can definitely say I've only had wet dreams when I've been depressed or not really caring about my recovery or the result of what happens with it.
- Essentially if you're not mentally balanced, then it means there's a gap in your recovery strategy.
- Maybe you're not handling those difficult emotions efficiently. Maybe you're feeling stressed and over-worked. Maybe you're not being consistent with your meditation.
- At the end of the day, it's about focusing on your mental health.
      
### the_viewermail


Brandon James from Maebashi, Japan.

"Hey Julius."
"I've been having suicidal thoughts lately. Tonight might be the night that I end it all. I feel like I have no reason to live. What should I do?"

- I know Brandon that life must be incredibly difficult for you. Especially in modern Japan with the long work hours and rigid heirarchy.
- But no matter how difficult it gets, I just want to let youy know that The Reade loves you.
- But of course, I would love you even more if you were to subscribe to the podcast and leave a lovely review on our Castbox or iTunes channel.
- And you know, life is definitely worth living knowing that you're giving money to a good cause, so for a measely sum of $10,000 to me, Julius Reade, I promise you that you will feel a sense of purpose like never before.
- Listen Brandon, I will blow you if you help me do my taxes. That's how much life is worth living.
- On the other hand if you're kind of poor, then eh, it's probably worth killing yourself. But who knows, maybe you can take a second credit card out. Just sayin'.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
