{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-23",
	"episode_number": 23,
	"slug": "ep-23-recovery-is-the-reward",
	"title": "#23 - Recovery Is The Reward",
	"date": "2020-07-29T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-29T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: I'm going to touch you in places that you didn't even know existed. 2. The Topic: Recovery Is The Reward 3. The Viewermail: I help a small girl come to terms with her father's urine fetish. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Recovery Is The Reward\n\n- Today is a simple message that I bring forth to thy listener.\n- Basically, that your successful recovery is the reward at the end of the day.\n- A lot of addicts quite obviously have an addition mindset. It's kind of like, well if I get to abstain for a period of time, then I get to reward myself with video games.\n- What they don't realise is that recovery itself is a process of desensitising and simply not wanting.\n- And because people remain addicted for so long, they don't really understand what it means to not be addicted.\n- So I'll spell it out. Once you're recovered, you do not crave porn at all. It's not even a thought.\n- It's the worst when people are like, yeah but it's just normal to be horny all the time, but it's not true at all.\n- I can verify 100% that it is something that you have control over and which you can control.\n- So yeah, I hope that helps.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nBrianna Bell from Caracas, Venezuela.\n\n\"Hey Julius. You gay homosexeal.\" (alright, that's a rough start)\n\"I think my dad has a urine fetisth, because the way he shows affection is by peeing on me. I think it's kind of disturbing as I'm only twelve. Should I tell my father how I feel?\"\n\n- You see, your dad clearly has mental health issues, which is why it's important that you learn to bottle your emotions so you can avoid further disappointment with your life.\n- I suggest building up your tolerance to piss. Maybe start with drinking a quarter cup of piss each day with breakfast, and slowly working your way to one cup.\n- Alternatively you could just drink American Beer! BOOM! That's right! I went there! Ya beer is terrible.\n- Obviously murdering your father is an option. A knife to the throat.\n- But whatever you do, definitely don't tell your father how you feel. Because as everyone knows, open communication with someone you care about is one the most destructive things you can possibly do.\n- And you know, cutting your wrists is also a great way to go about it as well. You know as they say, a cut a day keeps the rapists away. Or something.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"recovery",
		"reward"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id289334685?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/23---Recovery-Is-The-Reward-id2979644-id289334685",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/84ZzhsJZWlE3e/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/84ZzhsJZWlE3e/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Recovery Is The Reward

- Today is a simple message that I bring forth to thy listener.
- Basically, that your successful recovery is the reward at the end of the day.
- A lot of addicts quite obviously have an addition mindset. It's kind of like, well if I get to abstain for a period of time, then I get to reward myself with video games.
- What they don't realise is that recovery itself is a process of desensitising and simply not wanting.
- And because people remain addicted for so long, they don't really understand what it means to not be addicted.
- So I'll spell it out. Once you're recovered, you do not crave porn at all. It's not even a thought.
- It's the worst when people are like, yeah but it's just normal to be horny all the time, but it's not true at all.
- I can verify 100% that it is something that you have control over and which you can control.
- So yeah, I hope that helps.
      
### the_viewermail


Brianna Bell from Caracas, Venezuela.

"Hey Julius. You gay homosexeal." (alright, that's a rough start)
"I think my dad has a urine fetisth, because the way he shows affection is by peeing on me. I think it's kind of disturbing as I'm only twelve. Should I tell my father how I feel?"

- You see, your dad clearly has mental health issues, which is why it's important that you learn to bottle your emotions so you can avoid further disappointment with your life.
- I suggest building up your tolerance to piss. Maybe start with drinking a quarter cup of piss each day with breakfast, and slowly working your way to one cup.
- Alternatively you could just drink American Beer! BOOM! That's right! I went there! Ya beer is terrible.
- Obviously murdering your father is an option. A knife to the throat.
- But whatever you do, definitely don't tell your father how you feel. Because as everyone knows, open communication with someone you care about is one the most destructive things you can possibly do.
- And you know, cutting your wrists is also a great way to go about it as well. You know as they say, a cut a day keeps the rapists away. Or something.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
