{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-24",
	"episode_number": 24,
	"slug": "ep-24-when-was-the-last-time-you-masturbated?",
	"title": "#24 - When Was The Last Time You Masturbated?",
	"date": "2020-07-30T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-30T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Allow me to upskirt you, oh wait! I mean, uh, checkup ...on, uh, you! 2. The Topic: When Was The Last Time You Masturbated? 3. The Viewermail: I want to make it clear. Salami doesn't make you gay. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "When Was The Last Time You Masturbated?\n\n- This isn't something fundamental to your recovery, but I think there's still a lot we can learn from this question.\n- Ultimately, it doesn't matter when you last masturbated. It doesn't matter how many times you've masturbated. It really doesn't matter what you masturbated to.\n- A lot of people get fixated on these meaningless details and they allow it to dictate their recovery.\n- If your focus is on the type of porn you watched and how you worry that it's changed your sexuality or how that particular fetish has quote-unquote \"messed you up\" your focus is in the wrong place.\n\n- At the end of the day it's about your mental health. Not about your preference. Your preference is just a symptom, it is not the cause.\n- So really the take away of this segment is not to get caught up in meaningless metrics.\n- Your mental health is king. Always.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nGrace Barnes from Arkhangelsk, Russia.\n\n\"I like big, fat, long salami. Small salami turns me off. Does that make me gay?\"\n\n- Eating salami definitely does not make you gay. Especially when you chew it like those alpha male Italian men.\n- Bananas on the other hand are super gay. You never see a straight man eat a banana? Never!\n- Oats are definitely gay. Anything that's remotely good for you is gay as hell.\n- But of course, maybe you actually are gay. Then that's completely okay!\n- I offer two very helpful self-help courses that may help you, the first one is called \"Coming to terms with being gay, an acceptance guide by the reade\" which is fairly.\n- Then of course there's my other course entitled, \"Gay conversional therapy the right way: How to straighten out your homosexual so Jesus loves you\".\n- Let me know if you're interested in those ones.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"masturbation"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "24",
	"castboxLink": "24",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/7YCVWGzuDb7dBgXavW/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/7YCVWGzuDb7dBgXavW/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

When Was The Last Time You Masturbated?

- This isn't something fundamental to your recovery, but I think there's still a lot we can learn from this question.
- Ultimately, it doesn't matter when you last masturbated. It doesn't matter how many times you've masturbated. It really doesn't matter what you masturbated to.
- A lot of people get fixated on these meaningless details and they allow it to dictate their recovery.
- If your focus is on the type of porn you watched and how you worry that it's changed your sexuality or how that particular fetish has quote-unquote "messed you up" your focus is in the wrong place.

- At the end of the day it's about your mental health. Not about your preference. Your preference is just a symptom, it is not the cause.
- So really the take away of this segment is not to get caught up in meaningless metrics.
- Your mental health is king. Always.
      
### the_viewermail


Grace Barnes from Arkhangelsk, Russia.

"I like big, fat, long salami. Small salami turns me off. Does that make me gay?"

- Eating salami definitely does not make you gay. Especially when you chew it like those alpha male Italian men.
- Bananas on the other hand are super gay. You never see a straight man eat a banana? Never!
- Oats are definitely gay. Anything that's remotely good for you is gay as hell.
- But of course, maybe you actually are gay. Then that's completely okay!
- I offer two very helpful self-help courses that may help you, the first one is called "Coming to terms with being gay, an acceptance guide by the reade" which is fairly.
- Then of course there's my other course entitled, "Gay conversional therapy the right way: How to straighten out your homosexual so Jesus loves you".
- Let me know if you're interested in those ones.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
