{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-25",
	"episode_number": 25,
	"slug": "ep-25-how-to-form-more-productive-habits",
	"title": "#25 - How To Form More Productive Habits",
	"date": "2020-07-31T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-31T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Do you love me? Oh wait, I mean would you like me to checkup on you? 2. The Topic: How To Form More Productive Habits 3. The Viewermail: Is it okay to sexualise mental illness? Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "How To Form More Productive Habits\n\n- There's a few different angles to this question, but I also think there's a right way to approach this question.\n- And I want to begin by saying that everyone seems to have a very perverted view on what is considered productive.\n  - People think it's all about studying, learning new skills, pushing ourselves, making money etc.\n  - Instead, I like to think of these things as symptoms. These are things you do when you have a great system in place, but they are not the goal.\n  - The goal is to be happy, to have purpose and to do things which excite you. That's what's going to help you study harder or want to learn new things.\n- So how do you be happy and have purpose? Well, it all begins with your mental health and in particular, when you have mental balance.\n- It's really hard to have long term, sustainable ambition if you're not mentally balanced.\n- So I guess I gave you the incredibly high level overview of this question.\n- You know, I could have said, well it's about having this particular routine or w/e. But if you're not mentally stable, then it's really hard to pursue anything at all.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nJulian James from Messina, Italy.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Is it okay to sexualise mental illness? I personally like girls who are obsessive compulsive, because they give great head.\"\n\n- I would say it's probably okay to sexualise women with mental illness, as long as you physically abuse them as well.\n- You see, life is about taking something bad and utterly destroying it so that it's in a much worse condition once you're done with it. An important life lesson for you kids out there.\n- But of course, you also need to think of the long term costs if you were to date a girl with mental illness.\n- You have to pay for the pills and the therapy and it's like, is it really worth it for just a bit of head? WELL, OBVIOUSLY BUCKO!!!\n- But of course, I kid. It's not okay to sexualise mental illness, because mental illness is a serious condition that millions of people struggle with on a daily basis.\n- Which is why it's perfectly okay to kill someone with mental illness, effectively putting them out of their misery.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"productive",
		"habits"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "25",
	"castboxLink": "25",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/u2LJ0n4lx6jF6/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/u2LJ0n4lx6jF6/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

How To Form More Productive Habits

- There's a few different angles to this question, but I also think there's a right way to approach this question.
- And I want to begin by saying that everyone seems to have a very perverted view on what is considered productive.
  - People think it's all about studying, learning new skills, pushing ourselves, making money etc.
  - Instead, I like to think of these things as symptoms. These are things you do when you have a great system in place, but they are not the goal.
  - The goal is to be happy, to have purpose and to do things which excite you. That's what's going to help you study harder or want to learn new things.
- So how do you be happy and have purpose? Well, it all begins with your mental health and in particular, when you have mental balance.
- It's really hard to have long term, sustainable ambition if you're not mentally balanced.
- So I guess I gave you the incredibly high level overview of this question.
- You know, I could have said, well it's about having this particular routine or w/e. But if you're not mentally stable, then it's really hard to pursue anything at all.
      
### the_viewermail


Julian James from Messina, Italy.

"Hey Julius. Is it okay to sexualise mental illness? I personally like girls who are obsessive compulsive, because they give great head."

- I would say it's probably okay to sexualise women with mental illness, as long as you physically abuse them as well.
- You see, life is about taking something bad and utterly destroying it so that it's in a much worse condition once you're done with it. An important life lesson for you kids out there.
- But of course, you also need to think of the long term costs if you were to date a girl with mental illness.
- You have to pay for the pills and the therapy and it's like, is it really worth it for just a bit of head? WELL, OBVIOUSLY BUCKO!!!
- But of course, I kid. It's not okay to sexualise mental illness, because mental illness is a serious condition that millions of people struggle with on a daily basis.
- Which is why it's perfectly okay to kill someone with mental illness, effectively putting them out of their misery.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
