{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-26",
	"episode_number": 26,
	"slug": "ep-26-why-do-we-relapse?",
	"title": "#26 - Why Do We Relapse?",
	"date": "2020-08-03T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-03T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: THE READE IS CHECKING UP ON YOU, BUDDAY. 2. The Topic: Why Do We Relapse? 3. The Viewermail: Smashing your penis with a hammer. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Why Do We Relapse?\n\n- There are any number of reasons why we relapse. Circumstance obviously being one of them.\n- However today I want to talk more broadly on a fundamental level, rather than uncover specific reasons.\n- Ultimately relapse comes down to losing mental balance. Of course, if you've never had mental balance then basically you're leaving your recovery to chance and that's a big no-no.\n- Here's the deal with relapse. Relapse doesn't happen at the point of orgasm. Because that's not the point which you lost mental balance.\n- You lose mental balance the moment you make a decision which causes you to derail.\n- For example, you decide that you're above the process and that you're going to skill out on meditation that one time, which result in you not feeling as calm as you should be, which derails your mood.\n- So basically, if you want to stop relapsing, you need to figure out how to maintain mental balance.\n- How do you do that? Obviously by reading the neverfapdeluxe website (hint: it comes down to meditation and developing your awareness)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nbob smith. Montgomery, Alabama\n\n\"Hey Julius. I heard smashing your dick with a hammer repeatedly makes you last longer in bed. Is this true?\"\n\n- I can confirm that is no... is true! Is in fact true.\n- It's based on the Julius Reade method of hardness, which guarantees a similar potency to that of viagra.\n- Basically you just lay your supple penis onto any kind of work bench, and then smash it vigorously with a hard object.\n- Not only is it proven to increase blood flood, but it also helps eliminate the competition, so I can then swoop in and have sex with your desired lady.\n- And also smashing your penis with a hammer has been proven to cure depression. I can't remember where, I think it was in one of those trusted publications like the new york times.\n- I find though it's more effective if you use the hammer on her, rather than on yourself. It just helps... mellow her out.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"relapse",
		"explanations"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "26",
	"castboxLink": "26",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/11ibJb7SdPjvTW/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/11ibJb7SdPjvTW/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Why Do We Relapse?

- There are any number of reasons why we relapse. Circumstance obviously being one of them.
- However today I want to talk more broadly on a fundamental level, rather than uncover specific reasons.
- Ultimately relapse comes down to losing mental balance. Of course, if you've never had mental balance then basically you're leaving your recovery to chance and that's a big no-no.
- Here's the deal with relapse. Relapse doesn't happen at the point of orgasm. Because that's not the point which you lost mental balance.
- You lose mental balance the moment you make a decision which causes you to derail.
- For example, you decide that you're above the process and that you're going to skill out on meditation that one time, which result in you not feeling as calm as you should be, which derails your mood.
- So basically, if you want to stop relapsing, you need to figure out how to maintain mental balance.
- How do you do that? Obviously by reading the neverfapdeluxe website (hint: it comes down to meditation and developing your awareness)
      
### the_viewermail


bob smith. Montgomery, Alabama

"Hey Julius. I heard smashing your dick with a hammer repeatedly makes you last longer in bed. Is this true?"

- I can confirm that is no... is true! Is in fact true.
- It's based on the Julius Reade method of hardness, which guarantees a similar potency to that of viagra.
- Basically you just lay your supple penis onto any kind of work bench, and then smash it vigorously with a hard object.
- Not only is it proven to increase blood flood, but it also helps eliminate the competition, so I can then swoop in and have sex with your desired lady.
- And also smashing your penis with a hammer has been proven to cure depression. I can't remember where, I think it was in one of those trusted publications like the new york times.
- I find though it's more effective if you use the hammer on her, rather than on yourself. It just helps... mellow her out.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
