{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-27",
	"episode_number": 27,
	"slug": "ep-27-you-don't-realise-you-have-a-problem-until-you-attempt-recovery",
	"title": "#27 - You Don't Realise You Have A Problem Until You Attempt Recovery",
	"date": "2020-08-04T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-04T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: The Checkup? More like, the schemckup. Yeesh. 2. The Topic: You Don't Realise You Have A Problem Until You Attempt Recovery 3. The Viewermail: I help a man with wanker's cramp. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "You Don't Realise You Have A Problem Until You Attempt Recovery\n\n- This isn't really so much a discussion as it is a piece of perspective that I'd like to share with you.\n- Basically, you don't realise how difficult recovery is until you attempt recovery.\n- And I think on a subsconsious level we know this, which is perhaps why a lot of us don't even bother to attempt recovery until we hit absolute rock bottom.\n- I think a large part of the reason why it's hard is because people just don't really know how to go about recovery.\n- When you think about, when porn and masturbation is literally all you know in terms of how you cope and your mental well being to a large extent, then to take that away is essentially asking someone to start from scratch.\n- It's almost like learning a new language from scratch. It's scary, it's unfamiliar and it's almsot unpleasant.\n- Worst of all is when people assume that recovery is just inherently difficult and inherently impossible.\n- Well, I'm here to tell you that recovery doesn't have to be hard. You just have to know how.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nAndrew Gray from Ibadan, Nigeria.\n\n\"Hey Julius. I think you are the best person ever. I've unfortunately developed a severe case of wanker's cramp from masturbating far too much, and yet I simply cannot stop masturbating due to my porn addiction! What should I do delicious daddy reade!?!?!\"\n\n- Unfortunately Andrew, it may look like the only way to help you is by cutting your hands off.\n- It is the only known cure for wanker's cramp, aside from obviously from stopping masturbating, but as everyone knows, masturbating is perfectly healthy, even more so that meditation and exercise.\n- And let's be honest, no one really uses their hands anyway. They're just weird clumpy bits at the end of your arms.\n- I mean, I don't even remember the last time I even used those useless things anyway. Now feet. There's something I can get on board with.\n- You never see a pervert develop a severe hand fetish, do you now! You sicko! Weird hand loving freak.\n- But Andrew, have you tried cramping your hand further? You know, maybe you can develop some kind of immunity to it, allowing you to effectively masturbate forever.\n- Alternatively, maybe I'd be down for masturbating you. I can use my hands, maybe even my mouth if I'm busy writing a SHOPPING LIST or whatever it is I do in my spare time.\n- (whisper - call me. I'll be waiting)\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"problem",
		"recovery"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id293124564?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/27---You-Don't-Realise-You-Have-A-Problem-Until-You-Attempt-Recovery-id2979644-id293124564",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/26qGaINqDqiAdFUjM7/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/26qGaINqDqiAdFUjM7/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

You Don't Realise You Have A Problem Until You Attempt Recovery

- This isn't really so much a discussion as it is a piece of perspective that I'd like to share with you.
- Basically, you don't realise how difficult recovery is until you attempt recovery.
- And I think on a subsconsious level we know this, which is perhaps why a lot of us don't even bother to attempt recovery until we hit absolute rock bottom.
- I think a large part of the reason why it's hard is because people just don't really know how to go about recovery.
- When you think about, when porn and masturbation is literally all you know in terms of how you cope and your mental well being to a large extent, then to take that away is essentially asking someone to start from scratch.
- It's almost like learning a new language from scratch. It's scary, it's unfamiliar and it's almsot unpleasant.
- Worst of all is when people assume that recovery is just inherently difficult and inherently impossible.
- Well, I'm here to tell you that recovery doesn't have to be hard. You just have to know how.
      
### the_viewermail


Andrew Gray from Ibadan, Nigeria.

"Hey Julius. I think you are the best person ever. I've unfortunately developed a severe case of wanker's cramp from masturbating far too much, and yet I simply cannot stop masturbating due to my porn addiction! What should I do delicious daddy reade!?!?!"

- Unfortunately Andrew, it may look like the only way to help you is by cutting your hands off.
- It is the only known cure for wanker's cramp, aside from obviously from stopping masturbating, but as everyone knows, masturbating is perfectly healthy, even more so that meditation and exercise.
- And let's be honest, no one really uses their hands anyway. They're just weird clumpy bits at the end of your arms.
- I mean, I don't even remember the last time I even used those useless things anyway. Now feet. There's something I can get on board with.
- You never see a pervert develop a severe hand fetish, do you now! You sicko! Weird hand loving freak.
- But Andrew, have you tried cramping your hand further? You know, maybe you can develop some kind of immunity to it, allowing you to effectively masturbate forever.
- Alternatively, maybe I'd be down for masturbating you. I can use my hands, maybe even my mouth if I'm busy writing a SHOPPING LIST or whatever it is I do in my spare time.
- (whisper - call me. I'll be waiting)

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
