{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-28",
	"episode_number": 28,
	"slug": "ep-28-is-porn-bad-for-you?",
	"title": "#28 - Is Porn Bad For You?",
	"date": "2020-08-05T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-05T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: I'm currently seeing a doctor to help me do proper CHECK UP. 2. The Topic: Is Porn Bad For You? 3. The Viewermail: I mean, how does one increase their girth? Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Is Porn Bad For You?\n\n- So this question is a bit of a misnomer, because in the context of recovery there is no good or bad.\n- Basically, your addict brain doesn't care about what's good or bad. It simply desires.\n- So deciding whether porn is good or bad for you is largely irrelevant in the context of recovery.\n- In fact, deciding whether it's good or bad is a process of rationalisation, because inherently it is not possible to rationalise addiction.\n- And as per the NFD website, rationalisation is in fact an unhealthy coping mechanism. sO please refrain from that.\n- Now back to the question of whether porn is bad for you: Well, it's a completely individual thing.\n- At the end of the day, there are simply behaviours. There are no good or bad behaviours. Good and bad are labels to describe these behaviours.\n- What this means is that it's up to you decide whether watching porn as a behaviours, helps you become your best person.\n- For some people it's bad, for some people it's neutral, for some people it's good.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nAndrew Cox from Paramaribo, Suriname.\n\n\"Hey Julius. My brother from another mother! How do I increase my girth?\"\n\n- As a man of girth I have a lot of perspective to answer this question.\n- Short answer, mostly steroids and filler, if you want to have a meaty trunk.\n- But no! Girth is all about attitude my friend!\n- You can literally feel another man's girth just by listening to the way he speaks.\n- As you can tell, I'm literally projecting girth INTO YOUR MOUTH like there's no tomorrow, based on how sexy my voice is.\n- I also use a penis pump at least twice a day, just to ensure that I DOMINATE in both my online and sexual life.\n- Of course, maybe you can't afford filler. Then I can recommend any kind of plant based protein.\n- Nothing quite like injecting banana pulp into your penis at 3 in the morning because you're worried about how others will perceive you.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"porn",
		"effects"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "28",
	"castboxLink": "28",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/l2R072qHOAH9YceZ2/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/l2R072qHOAH9YceZ2/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Is Porn Bad For You?

- So this question is a bit of a misnomer, because in the context of recovery there is no good or bad.
- Basically, your addict brain doesn't care about what's good or bad. It simply desires.
- So deciding whether porn is good or bad for you is largely irrelevant in the context of recovery.
- In fact, deciding whether it's good or bad is a process of rationalisation, because inherently it is not possible to rationalise addiction.
- And as per the NFD website, rationalisation is in fact an unhealthy coping mechanism. sO please refrain from that.
- Now back to the question of whether porn is bad for you: Well, it's a completely individual thing.
- At the end of the day, there are simply behaviours. There are no good or bad behaviours. Good and bad are labels to describe these behaviours.
- What this means is that it's up to you decide whether watching porn as a behaviours, helps you become your best person.
- For some people it's bad, for some people it's neutral, for some people it's good.
      
### the_viewermail


Andrew Cox from Paramaribo, Suriname.

"Hey Julius. My brother from another mother! How do I increase my girth?"

- As a man of girth I have a lot of perspective to answer this question.
- Short answer, mostly steroids and filler, if you want to have a meaty trunk.
- But no! Girth is all about attitude my friend!
- You can literally feel another man's girth just by listening to the way he speaks.
- As you can tell, I'm literally projecting girth INTO YOUR MOUTH like there's no tomorrow, based on how sexy my voice is.
- I also use a penis pump at least twice a day, just to ensure that I DOMINATE in both my online and sexual life.
- Of course, maybe you can't afford filler. Then I can recommend any kind of plant based protein.
- Nothing quite like injecting banana pulp into your penis at 3 in the morning because you're worried about how others will perceive you.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
