{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-29",
	"episode_number": 29,
	"slug": "ep-29-the-importance-of-meditation-for-an-effective-recovery",
	"title": "#29 - The Importance Of Meditation For An Effective Recovery",
	"date": "2020-08-06T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-06T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Featuring guest checkup star Robert Pattinson. 2. The Topic: The Importance Of Meditation For An Effective Recovery 3. The Viewermail: Please don't eat your own precum. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "The Importance Of Meditation For An Effective Recovery\n\n- From a practice perspective, Meditation really is the foundation of any effective recovery.\n- What meditation does is that it helps you develop the awareness in order to change your behaviours, which ultimately affects your mental balance.\n- From a conceptual point of view recovery is fundamentally about mental balance, but the way we achieve that is through meditation.\n- In terms of what meditation is, essentially the process of learning to let go. Letting go of thoughts, ideas, judgement - essentially emptying your mind.\n- Here's the key point to understand: Our minds are technically already aware. But what happens is that we overthink, we judge and this clouds our ability to be aware.\n- What meditation aims to do is remove all those thoughts and judgements, so that we are merely present with ourselves. And when we're present, it's really easy to identify the areas in our life where we suffer and engage with negative behaviours. (obviously so then we can change them)\n- So that's the basics.\n- Another key point I would like to introduce is that it's really important to start out with guided meditation.\n- So yeah, hopefully that helps!\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nAnna Anderson from Pittsburgh, United States.\n\n\"I think I've developed a taste for precum, although actual cum disgusts me because of how strong it tastes. Can you please recommend any desserts which might go well with my favourite condiment?\"\n\n- Well Anna, I won't lie it's kinda hot, to know that a personal fan of the show finds precum tasty. I may even be developing some precum myself right now Anna. Assuming you're over 18, otherwise it's just a bit of sweat.\n- I personally like a nice fondue with a bit of precum laid on top of the cheesy goodness that is swiss melted cheese.\n- Personally I find precum is best fresh straight from the source, like a delicious oyster caught only moments earlier.\n- That's why I like to have access to an uncircumcised cock at all times, just to know that I can fulfil the quench which is precum.\n- In terms of desserts Anna, I mean. Is my penis not sweet enough for you, baby? You know, of course, assuming you're over 18.\n- But don't worry, like all whores much like myself, you will come to appreciate the taste of actual cum. It will be a heavenly moment for you, and one which I share with my children to this very day.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"meditation",
		"recovery"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id293124872?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/29---The-Importance-Of-Meditation-For-An-Effective-Recovery-id2979644-id293124872",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/Zw3oBUuOlDJ3W/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/Zw3oBUuOlDJ3W/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

The Importance Of Meditation For An Effective Recovery

- From a practice perspective, Meditation really is the foundation of any effective recovery.
- What meditation does is that it helps you develop the awareness in order to change your behaviours, which ultimately affects your mental balance.
- From a conceptual point of view recovery is fundamentally about mental balance, but the way we achieve that is through meditation.
- In terms of what meditation is, essentially the process of learning to let go. Letting go of thoughts, ideas, judgement - essentially emptying your mind.
- Here's the key point to understand: Our minds are technically already aware. But what happens is that we overthink, we judge and this clouds our ability to be aware.
- What meditation aims to do is remove all those thoughts and judgements, so that we are merely present with ourselves. And when we're present, it's really easy to identify the areas in our life where we suffer and engage with negative behaviours. (obviously so then we can change them)
- So that's the basics.
- Another key point I would like to introduce is that it's really important to start out with guided meditation.
- So yeah, hopefully that helps!
      
### the_viewermail


Anna Anderson from Pittsburgh, United States.

"I think I've developed a taste for precum, although actual cum disgusts me because of how strong it tastes. Can you please recommend any desserts which might go well with my favourite condiment?"

- Well Anna, I won't lie it's kinda hot, to know that a personal fan of the show finds precum tasty. I may even be developing some precum myself right now Anna. Assuming you're over 18, otherwise it's just a bit of sweat.
- I personally like a nice fondue with a bit of precum laid on top of the cheesy goodness that is swiss melted cheese.
- Personally I find precum is best fresh straight from the source, like a delicious oyster caught only moments earlier.
- That's why I like to have access to an uncircumcised cock at all times, just to know that I can fulfil the quench which is precum.
- In terms of desserts Anna, I mean. Is my penis not sweet enough for you, baby? You know, of course, assuming you're over 18.
- But don't worry, like all whores much like myself, you will come to appreciate the taste of actual cum. It will be a heavenly moment for you, and one which I share with my children to this very day.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
