{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-3",
	"episode_number": 3,
	"slug": "ep-3-discovering-purpose-during-recovery",
	"title": "#3 - Discovering Purpose During Recovery",
	"date": "2020-07-01T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-01T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: CHECKUP CHECKUP CHECKUP. 2. The Topic: Discovering Purpose During Recovery. 3. The Viewermail: Definitely don't have sex with your mother. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Discovering Purpose During Recovery\n\n- An interesting thing you'll notice during recovery (or perhaps have noticed) is that your purpose will change over time.\n- Usually in response to your progress, and in particular the difficulty of recovery.\n- In the beginning it's usually about self-improvement.\n- Later on the though when you're really, really struggling you realise it's much, much more than self-improvement.\n- It is now a genunie problem that you didn't realise the extent to which was a problem.\n- One thing I'll say is that purpose should not be the focus.\n- Process and commitment should always be the focus. Because those things never change. Purpose does.\n- With that said, having a sense of purpose can help mid-term, aligning you with your goals.\n- In my case, my purpose is to simply to be the best person that I can be at all times. (health, career, you name it)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nRiley Williams from Monrovia, Liberia.\n\n\"Hello Mr. Reade. I'm a huge fan of the show. I can't stop masturbating to pictures of my mother. What should I do?\"\n\n- Well Riley, incest is quite serious, so I recommend steering clear.\n- The sensible thing to do would be to have sex with your mother. That way, you can understand why it's wrong.\n- I personally creampie my mother once a month, just to remind myself that it's really not okay.\n- aaaand I can't believe I just said that, this is officially the episode. Because I'm going to go kill myself now.\n\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the neverfapdeluxe website\n- I also do another podcast, The Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"purpose",
		"discovery",
		"recovery"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id279910021?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/3---Discovering-Purpose-During-Recovery-id2979644-id279910021",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "",
	"giphy_medium": "",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Discovering Purpose During Recovery

- An interesting thing you'll notice during recovery (or perhaps have noticed) is that your purpose will change over time.
- Usually in response to your progress, and in particular the difficulty of recovery.
- In the beginning it's usually about self-improvement.
- Later on the though when you're really, really struggling you realise it's much, much more than self-improvement.
- It is now a genunie problem that you didn't realise the extent to which was a problem.
- One thing I'll say is that purpose should not be the focus.
- Process and commitment should always be the focus. Because those things never change. Purpose does.
- With that said, having a sense of purpose can help mid-term, aligning you with your goals.
- In my case, my purpose is to simply to be the best person that I can be at all times. (health, career, you name it)
      
### the_viewermail


Riley Williams from Monrovia, Liberia.

"Hello Mr. Reade. I'm a huge fan of the show. I can't stop masturbating to pictures of my mother. What should I do?"

- Well Riley, incest is quite serious, so I recommend steering clear.
- The sensible thing to do would be to have sex with your mother. That way, you can understand why it's wrong.
- I personally creampie my mother once a month, just to remind myself that it's really not okay.
- aaaand I can't believe I just said that, this is officially the episode. Because I'm going to go kill myself now.


### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the neverfapdeluxe website
- I also do another podcast, The Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
