{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-30",
	"episode_number": 30,
	"slug": "ep-30-never-blame-your-circumstances",
	"title": "#30 - Never Blame Your Circumstances",
	"date": "2020-08-07T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-07T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Check down. GET IT?!?! Ah, well screw you too. 2. The Topic: Never Blame Your Circumstances 3. The Viewermail: I tried using my sister as a fleshlight. Give it a few minutes to settle in. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Never Blame Your Circumstances\n\n- Excuses, excuses, excuses.\n- The worst is when you're trying to engage in a recovery discussion with someone, and then they're like \"but I've always struggled with porn, or I don't have time to meditate, or I've always had depression\"\n- And it's like, Daddy Reade has had enough!\n- For starters, your past has nothing to do with what you can achieve today. Fact is if you even have the most average human brain, you still have the capacity to be self-aware and become the best version of yourself.\n- Here's the deal. You being addicted to porn is not an excuse to be addicted to porn. There is no excuse\n- Your circumstances don't dictate how you live your life. You dictate how you live your life, because you make the decisions at the end of the day.\n\n- I think what happens is that people try a million different things, but they still continue to struggle with their recovery, so they instinctively assume that it's not them. Rather, it's everything else.\n- The truth is, it is you. You are the problem, because you don't know to beat this.\n- Your porn addiction is not the problem. It's merely a symptom to your problem. Your problem is that you just don't know how to control your mind yet, nor do you know how to get to a point of how you can then eventually control your mind.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nAudrey Cook from Halifax, Canada.\n\n\"Hey J-Dawg. I tried using my sister as a fleshlight and now I'm looking at 30 years jail. Do you have any recommendations of how best to approach this situation.\"\n\n- Obviously apologising to your sister probably might help. I know women love a good tit grab as well, especially siblings, just to show that you really care.\n- Assuming you haven't gone to court yet, I definitely recommend sleeping with the judge. It's always worked for me personally, and hey. Free sex, is good sex.\n- Chances are however, you probably don't have a big penis like I do Audrey, so you won't be able to impress the judge all that much. What will inferior, subhuman penis.\n- So you may just have to get used to being raped every night by your cell mate.\n- Which isn't too bad if you're into S&M and in general the degradation that is listening to The NeverFap Deluxe Daily.\n- And for godsakes, just spend the money to get a proper good brand fleshlight. Okay? For $40 dollars you're looking at something mid-range, well built and you can pass onto your kids. \n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"recovery",
		"circumstances"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "30",
	"castboxLink": "30",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/1vZcbntQ1jVcSA78gw/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/1vZcbntQ1jVcSA78gw/giphy-downsized-medium.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Never Blame Your Circumstances

- Excuses, excuses, excuses.
- The worst is when you're trying to engage in a recovery discussion with someone, and then they're like "but I've always struggled with porn, or I don't have time to meditate, or I've always had depression"
- And it's like, Daddy Reade has had enough!
- For starters, your past has nothing to do with what you can achieve today. Fact is if you even have the most average human brain, you still have the capacity to be self-aware and become the best version of yourself.
- Here's the deal. You being addicted to porn is not an excuse to be addicted to porn. There is no excuse
- Your circumstances don't dictate how you live your life. You dictate how you live your life, because you make the decisions at the end of the day.

- I think what happens is that people try a million different things, but they still continue to struggle with their recovery, so they instinctively assume that it's not them. Rather, it's everything else.
- The truth is, it is you. You are the problem, because you don't know to beat this.
- Your porn addiction is not the problem. It's merely a symptom to your problem. Your problem is that you just don't know how to control your mind yet, nor do you know how to get to a point of how you can then eventually control your mind.
      
### the_viewermail


Audrey Cook from Halifax, Canada.

"Hey J-Dawg. I tried using my sister as a fleshlight and now I'm looking at 30 years jail. Do you have any recommendations of how best to approach this situation."

- Obviously apologising to your sister probably might help. I know women love a good tit grab as well, especially siblings, just to show that you really care.
- Assuming you haven't gone to court yet, I definitely recommend sleeping with the judge. It's always worked for me personally, and hey. Free sex, is good sex.
- Chances are however, you probably don't have a big penis like I do Audrey, so you won't be able to impress the judge all that much. What will inferior, subhuman penis.
- So you may just have to get used to being raped every night by your cell mate.
- Which isn't too bad if you're into S&M and in general the degradation that is listening to The NeverFap Deluxe Daily.
- And for godsakes, just spend the money to get a proper good brand fleshlight. Okay? For $40 dollars you're looking at something mid-range, well built and you can pass onto your kids. 

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
