{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-31",
	"episode_number": 31,
	"slug": "ep-31-why-do-you-want-to-recover?",
	"title": "#31 - Why Do You Want To Recover?",
	"date": "2020-08-10T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-10T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Oh please, take my temperature Daddy Reade!?! 2. The Topic: Why Do You Want To Recover? 3. The Viewermail: Sticking my penis into a black hole. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Why Do You Want To Recover?\n\n- This is purely a personal question, there is no right or wrong answer.\n- But I thought I'd cover a few of the reasons, as well as my own perspective.\n- For a lot of people it's to escape the suffering that is dependency and addiction.\n  - Addiction of any kind is not a pleasant experience.\n  - The emotion is causes. The guilt. The lying.\n  - And of course with addiction, if left unchecked, it only ever gets worse.\n  - In fact you don't even need to make it worse, simply by not stopping it gets worse.\n\n- Not just personal suffering, but the suffering it causes to the people around us. Friends, family, partners.\n- Of course the other side of the story is not just stopping suffering, but becoming something better.\n- Being able to pursue ambition without fear or worry.\n\n- Basically, there is no reason not to recover.\n- However, you can only recover if you know how.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nBul Bul\n\n\"Would you rather stick your dick in a black hole or a neutron star?\"\n\n- Well this is a rather technical question, but I am also a man of science. So I'm commited to this skit.\n- Here's the low down buddy, my penis is actually so big and so dense that it technically is a black hole mathematically speaking.\n- And I can confirm this: Women who have attempted to go down on me have literally never come back. (largely it's because I murder them, cause who wants to pay a hooker?)\n- So if you were to stick a black hole into a black hole, it'd be absolute chaos. It's kinda like crossing swords at a urinal. You just don't do it. It's weird.\n- Whereas if I were to stick my penis into a neurton star, I imagine that would be pretty sexy because my black hole penis would simply gobble it up.\n- So I'm going to have to lock in b eddie, I'm going for the neutron star.\n- (Ah, and you wonder why we don't have sponsors on the show.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"recovery",
		"initiative"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "31",
	"castboxLink": "31",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/9w9Bpoiddg72U/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/9w9Bpoiddg72U/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Why Do You Want To Recover?

- This is purely a personal question, there is no right or wrong answer.
- But I thought I'd cover a few of the reasons, as well as my own perspective.
- For a lot of people it's to escape the suffering that is dependency and addiction.
  - Addiction of any kind is not a pleasant experience.
  - The emotion is causes. The guilt. The lying.
  - And of course with addiction, if left unchecked, it only ever gets worse.
  - In fact you don't even need to make it worse, simply by not stopping it gets worse.

- Not just personal suffering, but the suffering it causes to the people around us. Friends, family, partners.
- Of course the other side of the story is not just stopping suffering, but becoming something better.
- Being able to pursue ambition without fear or worry.

- Basically, there is no reason not to recover.
- However, you can only recover if you know how.
      
### the_viewermail


Bul Bul

"Would you rather stick your dick in a black hole or a neutron star?"

- Well this is a rather technical question, but I am also a man of science. So I'm commited to this skit.
- Here's the low down buddy, my penis is actually so big and so dense that it technically is a black hole mathematically speaking.
- And I can confirm this: Women who have attempted to go down on me have literally never come back. (largely it's because I murder them, cause who wants to pay a hooker?)
- So if you were to stick a black hole into a black hole, it'd be absolute chaos. It's kinda like crossing swords at a urinal. You just don't do it. It's weird.
- Whereas if I were to stick my penis into a neurton star, I imagine that would be pretty sexy because my black hole penis would simply gobble it up.
- So I'm going to have to lock in b eddie, I'm going for the neutron star.
- (Ah, and you wonder why we don't have sponsors on the show.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
