{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-32",
	"episode_number": 32,
	"slug": "ep-32-behaviours-are-everything",
	"title": "#32 - Behaviours Are Everything",
	"date": "2020-08-11T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-11T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Yes Daddy Reade, I will have sex with you unconditionally. 2. The Topic: Behaviours Are Everything. 3. The Viewermail: Let's dream of A+ students. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Behaviours Are Everything\n\n- This is a little spiel that I came up with. Hopefully you this neat little bit of perspective helpful.\n- The initial point I want to make is that everything comes down to behaviours.\n- Behaviours influence everything. Your perspective. They influence your outcomes. For example if you were to go out and eat 20 burgers aka binge, the consequence is going to be ...\n- In our specific case, the behaviour we struggle with is masturbation and watching porn.\n\n- Now the problem is that we don't focus on behaviours. We focus on treating the outcomes of those behaviours.\n- So we masturbate and then we get really sad, and it's like, what can I do to be less sad. Not, what can I do to not masturbate again.\n- Which is why some people get stuck in these neverending cycles of just treating the symptoms.\n\n- So this is a wakeup call to focus on addressing your behaviours. i.e. adopt healthy coping mechanisms.\n- Not just that, but identifying unhealthy coping mechanisms and addressing them.\n- And you can only do that if you're aware of your behaviours, which comes from meditating etc. etc. etc.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Andorra la Vella, Andorra",
			"notes": "\nAllison Alexander from Andorra la Vella, Andorra.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Loving the face tatt. My children are lazy and unmotivated. I've tried rewarding them, getting them hooked on meth, but nothing seems to work. What should I do so I can have the A+ students that I've always dreamed of!?!\"\n\n- Well you see, you've got it all wrong. The best way to motivate children is to get them hooked on porn.\n- Especially that sexy teacher roleplay, where the teacher spanks the student for being naughty and not doing their homework.\n- We even have our own series of educational porn specifically for children.\n- We've got math teacher roleplays, gym teacher roleplays, roleplays where the only way not to get expelled is to have sex with the principal.\n- You know, these are real life skills that we're teaching children at the end of the day, which are not only appropriate, but will serve them well for many years to come.\n- Teaching kids to cook heroin is also a life skill that will at least get them through college, followed by a prompt death as a fellow gang member shoots him in the head.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"behaviour",
		"coping mechanisms"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "32",
	"castboxLink": "32",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/uW3eJBIk3XuAhwm6Dv/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/uW3eJBIk3XuAhwm6Dv/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Behaviours Are Everything

- This is a little spiel that I came up with. Hopefully you this neat little bit of perspective helpful.
- The initial point I want to make is that everything comes down to behaviours.
- Behaviours influence everything. Your perspective. They influence your outcomes. For example if you were to go out and eat 20 burgers aka binge, the consequence is going to be ...
- In our specific case, the behaviour we struggle with is masturbation and watching porn.

- Now the problem is that we don't focus on behaviours. We focus on treating the outcomes of those behaviours.
- So we masturbate and then we get really sad, and it's like, what can I do to be less sad. Not, what can I do to not masturbate again.
- Which is why some people get stuck in these neverending cycles of just treating the symptoms.

- So this is a wakeup call to focus on addressing your behaviours. i.e. adopt healthy coping mechanisms.
- Not just that, but identifying unhealthy coping mechanisms and addressing them.
- And you can only do that if you're aware of your behaviours, which comes from meditating etc. etc. etc.
      
### the_viewermail


Allison Alexander from Andorra la Vella, Andorra.

"Hey Julius. Loving the face tatt. My children are lazy and unmotivated. I've tried rewarding them, getting them hooked on meth, but nothing seems to work. What should I do so I can have the A+ students that I've always dreamed of!?!"

- Well you see, you've got it all wrong. The best way to motivate children is to get them hooked on porn.
- Especially that sexy teacher roleplay, where the teacher spanks the student for being naughty and not doing their homework.
- We even have our own series of educational porn specifically for children.
- We've got math teacher roleplays, gym teacher roleplays, roleplays where the only way not to get expelled is to have sex with the principal.
- You know, these are real life skills that we're teaching children at the end of the day, which are not only appropriate, but will serve them well for many years to come.
- Teaching kids to cook heroin is also a life skill that will at least get them through college, followed by a prompt death as a fellow gang member shoots him in the head.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
