{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-33",
	"episode_number": 33,
	"slug": "ep-33-have-you-ever-paid-for-porn?",
	"title": "#33 - Have You Ever Paid For Porn?",
	"date": "2020-08-12T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-12T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Daddy Reade. Oh my, daddy! 2. The Topic: Have You Ever Paid For Porn? 3. The Viewermail: Mustufa sends in a viewermail! Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Have You Ever Paid For Porn?\n\n- This is one of those casual discussion topics that The Reade loves to throw in every once n' a while.\n- Apparently, people pay for porn. Even though I was heavily addicted to porn for 15 years, I've never paid for porn.\n- It's estimated that in the US alone more than $16.9 billion dollars is spent on porn. And that's just the US, and I does that even include webcaming services.\n- But even though it's easy to judge, it's not an irrational thing to do in the context of addiction.\n- When you're addicted you don't care about the cost. Whether that be financial or the impact that it's having on the people around you. You just don't care at all.\n- So what does it mean to care? Well quite frankly, it doesn't mean anything. Because it doesn't matter how motivated you are or how much you want to stop, if you don't know how to stop, you won't stop.\n- If you don't understand the fundamentals of recovery, you won't recover. Only by having this understanding will you be able to understand how to move forward.\n- Of course, if you'd like to learn more you can checkout the website.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nI am Mustufa Safri from India\n\n\"I'm on your discord server as the guy called (must2133). You such a cool motherfucking guy. HAVE A FANTASTIC DAY. idk if this will be in the podcast but hey, I wanted to give some appreciation :) Regards,\"\n\n- Hello Mustufa. Thank you so very much for your viewermail. The appreciation is felt in places that I legally cannot describe, but I am eternally grateful for your words.\n- In fact, I even wrote a song for you and it goes a little something like this\n- (make it up)\n- Well Mustufa, I hope that captures and heart and soul of who you are.\n- And of course, I was touching myself while I sung that tune, which is how I managed to develop my beautiful vibrato.\n- Which is an ancient Chinese technique from the late 90s'.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"porn",
		"paid"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/Paid/id2979644?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/33---Have-You-Ever-Paid-For-Porn--id2979644-id294233107",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/8NWA4MlIkTZfy/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/8NWA4MlIkTZfy/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Have You Ever Paid For Porn?

- This is one of those casual discussion topics that The Reade loves to throw in every once n' a while.
- Apparently, people pay for porn. Even though I was heavily addicted to porn for 15 years, I've never paid for porn.
- It's estimated that in the US alone more than $16.9 billion dollars is spent on porn. And that's just the US, and I does that even include webcaming services.
- But even though it's easy to judge, it's not an irrational thing to do in the context of addiction.
- When you're addicted you don't care about the cost. Whether that be financial or the impact that it's having on the people around you. You just don't care at all.
- So what does it mean to care? Well quite frankly, it doesn't mean anything. Because it doesn't matter how motivated you are or how much you want to stop, if you don't know how to stop, you won't stop.
- If you don't understand the fundamentals of recovery, you won't recover. Only by having this understanding will you be able to understand how to move forward.
- Of course, if you'd like to learn more you can checkout the website.
      
### the_viewermail


I am Mustufa Safri from India

"I'm on your discord server as the guy called (must2133). You such a cool motherfucking guy. HAVE A FANTASTIC DAY. idk if this will be in the podcast but hey, I wanted to give some appreciation :) Regards,"

- Hello Mustufa. Thank you so very much for your viewermail. The appreciation is felt in places that I legally cannot describe, but I am eternally grateful for your words.
- In fact, I even wrote a song for you and it goes a little something like this
- (make it up)
- Well Mustufa, I hope that captures and heart and soul of who you are.
- And of course, I was touching myself while I sung that tune, which is how I managed to develop my beautiful vibrato.
- Which is an ancient Chinese technique from the late 90s'.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
