{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-34",
	"episode_number": 34,
	"slug": "ep-34-does-prayer-count-as-meditation",
	"title": "#34 - Does Prayer Count As Meditation?",
	"date": "2020-08-13T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-13T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: I think you have serious mental health issue, son. 2. The Topic: Does Prayer Count As Meditation? 3. The Viewermail: This man has a tattoo of his girlfriend's vagina on his face. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Does Prayer Count As Meditation?\n\n- When I ask people whether they meditate, a common response I get is that I don't meditate, but I pray instead and that's what I consider meditation.\n- And I think at first I was very much against the idea of prayer as being equivalent to meditation. It's a bit like saying that Christianity is the same as Islam because they believe in the same God, but that doesn't really accurately reflect what either of those religions are.\n- So I want to say that I don't think that they're the same thing. Obviously they have different focuses. One is on God, the other is on yourself.\n- A person in the NFD Discord server said something very interesting, that \"Prayer is like giving to God, while meditation is like receiving from God.\"\n- Here's what I will say though, prayer can be a form of meditation if you believe it helps you develop your general and self-awareness. Because that's really what meditation is. It's about achieving clarity. It's about being at one with yourself, or I guess in the case of religious people, God - which I guess is part of who they are.\n- I guess the point I'd like to make is that there's a lot to learn from both. But yeah, I think it's also benefitial to treat meditation as if it were it's own separate practice, so you can truly understand the intention of it from the perspective of awareness.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Hartford, United States",
			"notes": "\nElizabeth Cooper from Hartford, United States.\n\n\"Hi Mr. Reade. Thank you for reading my email. Last night I got very drunk and I accidentally tattooed a picture of my girlfriend's vagina on my face. She'll know it's hers because of how big, wide and hairy it is. I'm freaking out and not quite sure what to do. Please help me Doctor Reade!?\"\n\n- Firstly, I would really just like to clarify that I am not a doctor. I mean, don't get me wrong I do perform miracles, but I definitely cannot help you with any kind of medical advice.\n- I myself also have a tattoo of my girlfriend's vagina on my face, so I can relate to this situation quite vividly.\n- As is the case in any healthy relationship, denial is your friend.\n- Just straight up deny that you even have a tattoo of a vagina on your face. Try and make it sound as if she's in the wrong. Maybe this is an opportunity to convince her that she has a nice tight vagina.\n- Worst case scenario just deny that you're even in a relationship with her. That unfortunately didn't work for me, but perhaps you'll have a better chance!\n- Of course the ideal solution is that she would simply get a picture of your dick on her face, except it would be so small no one would be able to see it! AYEEOOOOO.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"prayer",
		"meditation"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id295317335?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/34---Does-Prayer-Count-As-Meditation--id2979644-id295317335",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/mlvseq9yvZhba/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/mlvseq9yvZhba/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Does Prayer Count As Meditation?

- When I ask people whether they meditate, a common response I get is that I don't meditate, but I pray instead and that's what I consider meditation.
- And I think at first I was very much against the idea of prayer as being equivalent to meditation. It's a bit like saying that Christianity is the same as Islam because they believe in the same God, but that doesn't really accurately reflect what either of those religions are.
- So I want to say that I don't think that they're the same thing. Obviously they have different focuses. One is on God, the other is on yourself.
- A person in the NFD Discord server said something very interesting, that "Prayer is like giving to God, while meditation is like receiving from God."
- Here's what I will say though, prayer can be a form of meditation if you believe it helps you develop your general and self-awareness. Because that's really what meditation is. It's about achieving clarity. It's about being at one with yourself, or I guess in the case of religious people, God - which I guess is part of who they are.
- I guess the point I'd like to make is that there's a lot to learn from both. But yeah, I think it's also benefitial to treat meditation as if it were it's own separate practice, so you can truly understand the intention of it from the perspective of awareness.
      
### the_viewermail


Elizabeth Cooper from Hartford, United States.

"Hi Mr. Reade. Thank you for reading my email. Last night I got very drunk and I accidentally tattooed a picture of my girlfriend's vagina on my face. She'll know it's hers because of how big, wide and hairy it is. I'm freaking out and not quite sure what to do. Please help me Doctor Reade!?"

- Firstly, I would really just like to clarify that I am not a doctor. I mean, don't get me wrong I do perform miracles, but I definitely cannot help you with any kind of medical advice.
- I myself also have a tattoo of my girlfriend's vagina on my face, so I can relate to this situation quite vividly.
- As is the case in any healthy relationship, denial is your friend.
- Just straight up deny that you even have a tattoo of a vagina on your face. Try and make it sound as if she's in the wrong. Maybe this is an opportunity to convince her that she has a nice tight vagina.
- Worst case scenario just deny that you're even in a relationship with her. That unfortunately didn't work for me, but perhaps you'll have a better chance!
- Of course the ideal solution is that she would simply get a picture of your dick on her face, except it would be so small no one would be able to see it! AYEEOOOOO.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
