{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-35",
	"episode_number": 35,
	"slug": "ep-35-relapses-are-not-a-reflection-of-you",
	"title": "#35 - Relapses are not a reflection of you",
	"date": "2020-08-14T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-14T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: It's the all-famous NeverFap Deluxe Daily Checkup! 2. The Topic: Relapses are not a reflection of you. 3. The Viewermail: The Reade helps a poor soul get a job. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Relapses are not a reflection of you\n\n- One thing that I see a lot of people do is that when they relapse, they get incredibly frustrated with themselves. Often to a point of self-criticism (give examples, how could I be so stupid etc.)\n- Now this kind of reaction is very much an unhealthy coping mechanism. The reason why we react this way is to cope with those uneasy thoughts and feelings. Also known as judgement or self-criticm.\n- And I think the reason why people act this way, is because they just don't understand the fundamentals of recovery.\n\n- So here's the deal. Your recovery is only as strong as your recovery strategy aka mental health plan.\n- You didn't relapse because you're weak. Because you're inferior. Because you're a loser. Not to mention, these are all just meaningless labels that don't mean anything.\n- You relapsed because your recovery strategy wasn't complete. That's all it is.\n- Now this comes back to this idea of iteration. The whole idea is that recovery is a process of constantly iterating and changing our approach. Largely this means identifying, changing or removing behaviours which derail us from having mental balance.\n- So yeah, there's no need to be frustrated with yourself. It's okay, and even expected to fail in the beginning.\n- However the only way you're going to meaningfully change is if you focus on your mental health and you focus on this process of iteration and constantly moving forward.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Port Blair, India",
			"notes": "\nAndrew Wilson from Port Blair, India.\n\n\"I can't seem to get a job. I've tried everything including sexually harassing the company with my pictures of my penis, as you recommended in episode 12. Can you please help me?\"\n\n- Firstly, I would never make such an absurd recommendation on this wonderful show. A bastion of democracy and high opinion; a voice for the people to respond to the tyranny of hatred and unsolicited dick pics!\n- Although let's be honest, was it even a quality dick pic? You know, the kind of dick pic that makes a girl so wet that you have to call flood control?\n- If it was a terrible dick pic, then obviously I wouldn't even bother hiring someone of your lowly status. RACIST.\n- Listen, If you need help, I run the Julius Reade dick pic academy, to assist struggling young men such as yourself to take absolutely mesmerising pictures of your penis.\n- It's a 12 week course, it's a 5 grand deposit, followed by 180 payments of $5.50 per month.\n- I teach you all the basics, such as how to get that perfect wide angle shot. How to do a 360 quick scope shot.\n- Scenery is obviously important. You know, a dick shot at the beach is pretty popular these days. Going down a slide with a stiffy, obviously a great way to get girls.\n- Anyway, if you'd like to sign up for this course, head to neverfapdeluxe.com and TheReade will sort you out.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"relapse",
		"coping mechanisms"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "35",
	"castboxLink": "35",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/NuK5Nn3SdxiCY/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/NuK5Nn3SdxiCY/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Relapses are not a reflection of you

- One thing that I see a lot of people do is that when they relapse, they get incredibly frustrated with themselves. Often to a point of self-criticism (give examples, how could I be so stupid etc.)
- Now this kind of reaction is very much an unhealthy coping mechanism. The reason why we react this way is to cope with those uneasy thoughts and feelings. Also known as judgement or self-criticm.
- And I think the reason why people act this way, is because they just don't understand the fundamentals of recovery.

- So here's the deal. Your recovery is only as strong as your recovery strategy aka mental health plan.
- You didn't relapse because you're weak. Because you're inferior. Because you're a loser. Not to mention, these are all just meaningless labels that don't mean anything.
- You relapsed because your recovery strategy wasn't complete. That's all it is.
- Now this comes back to this idea of iteration. The whole idea is that recovery is a process of constantly iterating and changing our approach. Largely this means identifying, changing or removing behaviours which derail us from having mental balance.
- So yeah, there's no need to be frustrated with yourself. It's okay, and even expected to fail in the beginning.
- However the only way you're going to meaningfully change is if you focus on your mental health and you focus on this process of iteration and constantly moving forward.
      
### the_viewermail


Andrew Wilson from Port Blair, India.

"I can't seem to get a job. I've tried everything including sexually harassing the company with my pictures of my penis, as you recommended in episode 12. Can you please help me?"

- Firstly, I would never make such an absurd recommendation on this wonderful show. A bastion of democracy and high opinion; a voice for the people to respond to the tyranny of hatred and unsolicited dick pics!
- Although let's be honest, was it even a quality dick pic? You know, the kind of dick pic that makes a girl so wet that you have to call flood control?
- If it was a terrible dick pic, then obviously I wouldn't even bother hiring someone of your lowly status. RACIST.
- Listen, If you need help, I run the Julius Reade dick pic academy, to assist struggling young men such as yourself to take absolutely mesmerising pictures of your penis.
- It's a 12 week course, it's a 5 grand deposit, followed by 180 payments of $5.50 per month.
- I teach you all the basics, such as how to get that perfect wide angle shot. How to do a 360 quick scope shot.
- Scenery is obviously important. You know, a dick shot at the beach is pretty popular these days. Going down a slide with a stiffy, obviously a great way to get girls.
- Anyway, if you'd like to sign up for this course, head to neverfapdeluxe.com and TheReade will sort you out.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
