{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-36",
	"episode_number": 36,
	"slug": "ep-36-there-are-no-silver-bullets-when-it-comes-to-recovery",
	"title": "#36 - There Are No Silver Bullets When It Comes To Recovery",
	"date": "2020-08-17T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-17T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: I THINK YOU HAVE CANCER SON. 2. The Topic: There Are No Silver Bullets When It Comes To Recovery 3. The Viewermail: What should this man name his penis? Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "There Are No Silver Bullets When It Comes To Recovery\n\n- There seems to be this understanding of recovery that's like \"Oh look, I'm cured porn addiction! Yay! I'll never have to worry about it again!\" Which I don't blame people for, but it's so completely incorrect.\n- People seem to be constantly looking for the secret to recovery, and I'm here to tell you that there is no secret. There is no silver bullet.\n- And I think it goes to show just how ignorant society is of mental health. We are so ignorant of what mental health is that we have all these misconceptions of what it is and even from a daily perspective, it's just not something people think about.\n\n- So to better understand why recovery is not a silver bullet, it can help to understand why silver bullets don't exist at all.\n- Working out is probably the best example. There is no technique at all that is going to make you completely ripped after one session of working out. So why would people assume that their minds are any different?\n- Recovery is no different to exercise. It's something you consistently work on, which you get better at over time. Of course, how you recover is important as well.\n- If you do a single push up per month, you're not actually exercising - and yet people do the exact same thing with their mental health, and they assume that it doesn't work.\n- They meditate once and they're like, nup. Not cured. Must be fake.\n- Only through constant effort and iteration can you hope to recovery. That's just a straight up fact.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "San Marino, San Marino",
			"notes": "\nAlexander Robinson from San Marino, San Marino.\n\n\"What should I name my penis? I've been thinking of naming it Harry, but Harry is also the name of my childhood rapist, and it seems somewhat distasteful. What are your thoughts Mr. Reade?\"\n\n- Naming your penis is possibly one of the most important things you can do in your life, so it's really important that you get it right the first time.\n- Greek names generally work. Adonis. Zeus. Poseidon. Basically anything that is larger than life, to really wow that girl or guy in the bedroom.\n- Personally I named my penis muhammad after the great profit himself. My left nut Mecca, and my right nut Medina. You know, because symbolism is a really powerful thing.\n- Maybe you're one of those guys with a small penis, (UNLIKE THE READE!!!) then that's okay. Death is a great way to deal with that situation. Just a casual bullet in your head.\n- But listen, if you're really struggling to name your penis you can do what any self-respecting man should do, and that's to name your penis The Reade.\n- It's a well known brand name. It gets girls wet. It costs $20 a year in licencing fees, but man you will literally be covered in pussy, so it's well worth the cost.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"recovery",
		"silver bullet"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id297352020?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/36---There-Are-No-Silver-Bullets-When-It-Comes-To-Recovery-id2979644-id297352020",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/bAlGLD0BsDpOo/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/bAlGLD0BsDpOo/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

There Are No Silver Bullets When It Comes To Recovery

- There seems to be this understanding of recovery that's like "Oh look, I'm cured porn addiction! Yay! I'll never have to worry about it again!" Which I don't blame people for, but it's so completely incorrect.
- People seem to be constantly looking for the secret to recovery, and I'm here to tell you that there is no secret. There is no silver bullet.
- And I think it goes to show just how ignorant society is of mental health. We are so ignorant of what mental health is that we have all these misconceptions of what it is and even from a daily perspective, it's just not something people think about.

- So to better understand why recovery is not a silver bullet, it can help to understand why silver bullets don't exist at all.
- Working out is probably the best example. There is no technique at all that is going to make you completely ripped after one session of working out. So why would people assume that their minds are any different?
- Recovery is no different to exercise. It's something you consistently work on, which you get better at over time. Of course, how you recover is important as well.
- If you do a single push up per month, you're not actually exercising - and yet people do the exact same thing with their mental health, and they assume that it doesn't work.
- They meditate once and they're like, nup. Not cured. Must be fake.
- Only through constant effort and iteration can you hope to recovery. That's just a straight up fact.
      
### the_viewermail


Alexander Robinson from San Marino, San Marino.

"What should I name my penis? I've been thinking of naming it Harry, but Harry is also the name of my childhood rapist, and it seems somewhat distasteful. What are your thoughts Mr. Reade?"

- Naming your penis is possibly one of the most important things you can do in your life, so it's really important that you get it right the first time.
- Greek names generally work. Adonis. Zeus. Poseidon. Basically anything that is larger than life, to really wow that girl or guy in the bedroom.
- Personally I named my penis muhammad after the great profit himself. My left nut Mecca, and my right nut Medina. You know, because symbolism is a really powerful thing.
- Maybe you're one of those guys with a small penis, (UNLIKE THE READE!!!) then that's okay. Death is a great way to deal with that situation. Just a casual bullet in your head.
- But listen, if you're really struggling to name your penis you can do what any self-respecting man should do, and that's to name your penis The Reade.
- It's a well known brand name. It gets girls wet. It costs $20 a year in licencing fees, but man you will literally be covered in pussy, so it's well worth the cost.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
