{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-37",
	"episode_number": 37,
	"slug": "ep-37-your-fetish-is-irrelevant-to-your-recovery",
	"title": "#37 - Your Fetish Is Irrelevant To Your Recovery",
	"date": "2020-08-18T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-18T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: I am a checkup on you, le listener. 2. The Topic: Your Fetish Is Irrelevant 3. The Viewermail: I also like to pretend that my penis is an assortment of different things. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Your Fetish Is Irrelevant To Your Recovery\n\n- A rising problem I see with a lot of people is that they focus on their symptoms, and never have I seen this more prevalent when people freak out about their fetishes.\n- It's like, they're so worried about being consumed by their fetish, whether that be gay porn or cuckhold fetishes or whatever it is, that they completely neglect what will actually help them recover.\n- They just continue to ruminate and create fear, and it's a self-reinforcing cycle, and I'm here to provide some clarity into that.\n\n- Here's the deal. Your fetish is completely irrelevant. Especially in the context of the fundamentals of recovery.\n- Here's what I hear most from people with this fear \"When I'm recovered, will I still have this fetish?\"\n- Short answer. If you approach your reccovery in the right way, your fetish will go away.\n- Why? Because when you have control over your mind, you won't be thinking about porn, at all. That includes all your fetishes as well. It includes your desire to watch porn. It includes all the feelings of guilt and shame and all the negativity you feel from your habit.\n- Gone. Goodbye. Yada. Not there.\n- But like I've said, you'll only get there if you develop mental balancee and you're able to develop that awareness to change your behaviours.\n- And let me tell you, worrying about your fetish is the exact opposite of developing awareness. So the more you worry, and the less time you actually spend committing to your mental health, the longer it's going to take.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Augusta, United States",
			"notes": "\nJoseph Phillips from Augusta, United States.\n\n\"I like to pretend as if my penis is actually a gun during sex and that when I cum, I'm actually shooting my partner in the vagina with a 50 caliber round. What do you like to pretened your penis is during sex?\"\n\n- Thank you for that candid honesty Joseph, clearly you're a psychopath who should be either hung or locked up.\n- But since you asked, I personally like to pretend as if I have a massive black cock. Massive to a point that it's making her vaginal canals bleed.\n- Sometimes I even like to pretend as if my penis is actually a knife, and it's like I'm stabbing her in the pussy. It helps me deal with the hatred I have for my mother.\n- My favourite as a child however, was when my rapist would pretend as if his cock was an aeroplane flying into my mouth.\n- And although I now have an intense fear of flying, as well as blowing older men holding firearms to my head, I can safely say that I turned out perfectly normal and there is absolutely nothing wrong with me.\n- KILL ME~! KILL ME~! KILL ME~!\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"Fetish",
		"recovery"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id297352092?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/37---Your-Fetish-Is-Irrelevant-To-Your-Recovery-id2979644-id297352092",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/ui1hpJSyBDWlG/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/ui1hpJSyBDWlG/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Your Fetish Is Irrelevant To Your Recovery

- A rising problem I see with a lot of people is that they focus on their symptoms, and never have I seen this more prevalent when people freak out about their fetishes.
- It's like, they're so worried about being consumed by their fetish, whether that be gay porn or cuckhold fetishes or whatever it is, that they completely neglect what will actually help them recover.
- They just continue to ruminate and create fear, and it's a self-reinforcing cycle, and I'm here to provide some clarity into that.

- Here's the deal. Your fetish is completely irrelevant. Especially in the context of the fundamentals of recovery.
- Here's what I hear most from people with this fear "When I'm recovered, will I still have this fetish?"
- Short answer. If you approach your reccovery in the right way, your fetish will go away.
- Why? Because when you have control over your mind, you won't be thinking about porn, at all. That includes all your fetishes as well. It includes your desire to watch porn. It includes all the feelings of guilt and shame and all the negativity you feel from your habit.
- Gone. Goodbye. Yada. Not there.
- But like I've said, you'll only get there if you develop mental balancee and you're able to develop that awareness to change your behaviours.
- And let me tell you, worrying about your fetish is the exact opposite of developing awareness. So the more you worry, and the less time you actually spend committing to your mental health, the longer it's going to take.
      
### the_viewermail


Joseph Phillips from Augusta, United States.

"I like to pretend as if my penis is actually a gun during sex and that when I cum, I'm actually shooting my partner in the vagina with a 50 caliber round. What do you like to pretened your penis is during sex?"

- Thank you for that candid honesty Joseph, clearly you're a psychopath who should be either hung or locked up.
- But since you asked, I personally like to pretend as if I have a massive black cock. Massive to a point that it's making her vaginal canals bleed.
- Sometimes I even like to pretend as if my penis is actually a knife, and it's like I'm stabbing her in the pussy. It helps me deal with the hatred I have for my mother.
- My favourite as a child however, was when my rapist would pretend as if his cock was an aeroplane flying into my mouth.
- And although I now have an intense fear of flying, as well as blowing older men holding firearms to my head, I can safely say that I turned out perfectly normal and there is absolutely nothing wrong with me.
- KILL ME~! KILL ME~! KILL ME~!
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
