{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-38",
	"episode_number": 38,
	"slug": "ep-38-struggling-is-not-recovering",
	"title": "#38 - Struggling Is Not Recovering",
	"date": "2020-08-19T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-19T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: I'm sorry doctor, but I think he's dead. 2. The Topic: Struggling Is Not Recovering 3. The Viewermail: I teach you how you can keep the Chinese out of your kitchen. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Struggling Is Not Recovering\n\n- There's this common misconception that struggling is in fact recovering, and it is easily the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Especially in the context of the fundamentals of recovery.\n- Now with that said, I don't blame people who think this way, because I used to think this way. But it's plain wrong.\n- Struggling is not recovering. Instead, it is merely a failure to cope. When you do not cope, you struggle.\n\n- Basically what happens is that people just stop masturbating and stop watching porn, and they don't replace it with anything.\n- Which is a bit like deciding to spend a week in the jungle, without any equipment. It's madness.\n- When you remove a coping mechanism, you need to replace it with something else. Be it meditation. Exercise, Hobbies. You name it.\n- When you remove something without replacing it, you will suffer and you will relapse.\n- And This comes back to this idea of balance. You can't have balance if you don't have sufficient coping mechanisms.\n\n- Now the good news is that when you are struggling, you now have the insight to know that it's because you don't have sufficient coping mechanisms in place.\n- So you can be like, \"Great! Time to change my strategy!\"\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nZsolo Hun from hungary\n\n\"Hay Daddy Reeds I'm from Romania, but am actually hungarian. An 8 inch nail is stuck in my pp, but even that can't stop me from masturbating. What should I do to stop?\n\nP. S. You have big dick energy... For an asian\"\n\n- Gee Zsolo, that really wasn't very nice of you. I'll have you know that I have massive penis! You wanna see my three inches up close!?! That's what I thought, ya pussy.\n- You couldn't handle it buddy. Probably because you're also a kid, BUT MOVING ON.\n- You know Zsolo, I had a very similar situation but instead of a nail it was actually another man's cock. That's correct, we were docking each other sensually.\n- And you know what I say, just go with it. If you're able to successfully masturbate with a nail stuck inside your penis, then that's clearly the least of your worries.\n- Clearly the main thing you need to focus on is monetising it. I'm sure there's all sorts of sickos out there, wanting to see you bleed.\n- (Just on that, have you seen those videos where the guy puts a knife inside his penis so he can wank blood? Crazy!)\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"struggling",
		"recovering"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "38",
	"castboxLink": "38",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/1yS6gucxEiP9S/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/1yS6gucxEiP9S/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Struggling Is Not Recovering

- There's this common misconception that struggling is in fact recovering, and it is easily the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Especially in the context of the fundamentals of recovery.
- Now with that said, I don't blame people who think this way, because I used to think this way. But it's plain wrong.
- Struggling is not recovering. Instead, it is merely a failure to cope. When you do not cope, you struggle.

- Basically what happens is that people just stop masturbating and stop watching porn, and they don't replace it with anything.
- Which is a bit like deciding to spend a week in the jungle, without any equipment. It's madness.
- When you remove a coping mechanism, you need to replace it with something else. Be it meditation. Exercise, Hobbies. You name it.
- When you remove something without replacing it, you will suffer and you will relapse.
- And This comes back to this idea of balance. You can't have balance if you don't have sufficient coping mechanisms.

- Now the good news is that when you are struggling, you now have the insight to know that it's because you don't have sufficient coping mechanisms in place.
- So you can be like, "Great! Time to change my strategy!"
      
### the_viewermail


Zsolo Hun from hungary

"Hay Daddy Reeds I'm from Romania, but am actually hungarian. An 8 inch nail is stuck in my pp, but even that can't stop me from masturbating. What should I do to stop?

P. S. You have big dick energy... For an asian"

- Gee Zsolo, that really wasn't very nice of you. I'll have you know that I have massive penis! You wanna see my three inches up close!?! That's what I thought, ya pussy.
- You couldn't handle it buddy. Probably because you're also a kid, BUT MOVING ON.
- You know Zsolo, I had a very similar situation but instead of a nail it was actually another man's cock. That's correct, we were docking each other sensually.
- And you know what I say, just go with it. If you're able to successfully masturbate with a nail stuck inside your penis, then that's clearly the least of your worries.
- Clearly the main thing you need to focus on is monetising it. I'm sure there's all sorts of sickos out there, wanting to see you bleed.
- (Just on that, have you seen those videos where the guy puts a knife inside his penis so he can wank blood? Crazy!)

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
