{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-39",
	"episode_number": 39,
	"slug": "ep-39-how-to-be-happy",
	"title": "#39 - How To Be Happy",
	"date": "2020-08-20T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-20T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup:  2. The Topic: How to be Happy. 3. The Viewermail: Apparently I masturbate to one of our lovely viewers. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "How to be Happy\n\n- In today's episode I talk about happiness. How you can be happy.\n- Here's the thing. Being happy is no different to overcoming porn addiction. Why isn't it different? Well, it's indifferent because both things are in fact symptoms.\n- A symptom of what exactly? Well, it's a symptom of having mental balance.\n\n- That's why you're rarely find happiness from things like excessive ambition or you know, video games or other kinds of addictive distractions. It's because these things inherently deride mental balance.\n- Of course, the problem is that people are limited by what they know. And if all you know is distraction, then inherently you're going to pursue it. And what happens is that you think that temporary dopamine rush you get is in fact what you consider happiness. Which merely perpetuates the cycle.\n- So basically if you want to be happy, you need to pursue mental balance.\n- In most cases, this means prioritising your mental health.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Flensburg, Germany",
			"notes": "\nMia Parker from Flensburg, Germany.\n\n\"Hello, Lord and Saviour Julius Reade. I wouldn't say I'm the sexiest person to have ever been born, but I'm pretty damn close. Would you be willing to masturbate to me?\"\n\n- Well of course, The Reade would happily oblige.\n- Let me just flip through these saucy pictures that you sent in. Okay, this looks doable. BUT WAIT!\n- Actually on second thought, you kind of look young in this picture. Is that a diaper? I mean I'll masturbate to the picture where your mother is breast feeding you, because what man can deny a lactating breast, but this seems highly inappropriate!\n- Do you have any older pictures of you? You know, maybe 10 and up? JOKING! This is a joke! Definitely do not send in those pictures under any circumstance.\n- Now obviously don't do this, (in fact don't do anything I ever say on this show) but here's a random thought. Is it still child porn if you photoshop a child's face onto their now adult body? Correct answer, probably yes.\n- Now I want to clarify, child porn is wrong. Definitely don't look at that shit, or Daddy Reade will have to come to your house and kill you... obviously to take your child porn for my own personal reasons. JOKES!\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"self-criticism",
		"judgement"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id297352300?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/39---How-To-Be-Happy-id2979644-id297352300",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/ui1hpJSyBDWlG/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/ui1hpJSyBDWlG/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

How to be Happy

- In today's episode I talk about happiness. How you can be happy.
- Here's the thing. Being happy is no different to overcoming porn addiction. Why isn't it different? Well, it's indifferent because both things are in fact symptoms.
- A symptom of what exactly? Well, it's a symptom of having mental balance.

- That's why you're rarely find happiness from things like excessive ambition or you know, video games or other kinds of addictive distractions. It's because these things inherently deride mental balance.
- Of course, the problem is that people are limited by what they know. And if all you know is distraction, then inherently you're going to pursue it. And what happens is that you think that temporary dopamine rush you get is in fact what you consider happiness. Which merely perpetuates the cycle.
- So basically if you want to be happy, you need to pursue mental balance.
- In most cases, this means prioritising your mental health.
      
### the_viewermail


Mia Parker from Flensburg, Germany.

"Hello, Lord and Saviour Julius Reade. I wouldn't say I'm the sexiest person to have ever been born, but I'm pretty damn close. Would you be willing to masturbate to me?"

- Well of course, The Reade would happily oblige.
- Let me just flip through these saucy pictures that you sent in. Okay, this looks doable. BUT WAIT!
- Actually on second thought, you kind of look young in this picture. Is that a diaper? I mean I'll masturbate to the picture where your mother is breast feeding you, because what man can deny a lactating breast, but this seems highly inappropriate!
- Do you have any older pictures of you? You know, maybe 10 and up? JOKING! This is a joke! Definitely do not send in those pictures under any circumstance.
- Now obviously don't do this, (in fact don't do anything I ever say on this show) but here's a random thought. Is it still child porn if you photoshop a child's face onto their now adult body? Correct answer, probably yes.
- Now I want to clarify, child porn is wrong. Definitely don't look at that shit, or Daddy Reade will have to come to your house and kill you... obviously to take your child porn for my own personal reasons. JOKES!

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
