{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-4",
	"episode_number": 4,
	"slug": "ep-4-how-does-masturbation-make-you-feel?",
	"title": "#4 - How Does Masturbation Make You Feel?",
	"date": "2020-07-02T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: How. Are. You. Doing. Today. 2. The Topic: How Does Masturbation Make You Feel? 3. The Viewermail: The Reade provides some lady advice. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "How Does Masturbation Make You Feel?\n\n- I think there's two sides to it.\n- Physically speaking, obviously masturbation feels good.\n- As an addiction however, there are other feelings associated. For example, you may feel guilt and shame about your behaviour.\n- And it can become a self-reinforcing cycle.\n- Of course, what people don't realise is that it really matter how masturbation makes you feel.\n- One thing you learn during recovery is that the process is above all.\n- How you feel is just a symptom. It's not the cause. The cause is not having mental balance.\n- And what people don't realise, is that our feelings go both ways and regardless of how you feel, it's not relevant.\n- It doesn't matter if yuo're feeling awful or if you're feeling amazing. It's simply not relevant to your recovery, because recovery is about process. Not feelings.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nBenjamin Diaz from Wuhan,China.\n\n\"Hey Julius. There's this really cute girl in my class, and I think she likes me too. What should I do to attract her attention?\"\n\n- It's a known fact that women love to be spat on. That's a fact.\n- Women also like a sensitive guy, so you know, standing outside her house behind the bushes and staring at her hours, will make her WET. WET I tell ya.\n- Bragging about penis size and how fast your car is, also incredibly important.\n- Above all though, women absolutely love an undying porn addict. There's absolutely nothing sexier than another guy masturbating to someone who's not you.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the neverfapdeluxe website\n- I also do another podcast, The Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"masturbation",
		"feelings"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id279910197?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/4---How-Does-Masturbation-Make-You-Feel--id2979644-id279910197",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/9w9Bpoiddg72U/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/9w9Bpoiddg72U/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

How Does Masturbation Make You Feel?

- I think there's two sides to it.
- Physically speaking, obviously masturbation feels good.
- As an addiction however, there are other feelings associated. For example, you may feel guilt and shame about your behaviour.
- And it can become a self-reinforcing cycle.
- Of course, what people don't realise is that it really matter how masturbation makes you feel.
- One thing you learn during recovery is that the process is above all.
- How you feel is just a symptom. It's not the cause. The cause is not having mental balance.
- And what people don't realise, is that our feelings go both ways and regardless of how you feel, it's not relevant.
- It doesn't matter if yuo're feeling awful or if you're feeling amazing. It's simply not relevant to your recovery, because recovery is about process. Not feelings.
      
### the_viewermail


Benjamin Diaz from Wuhan,China.

"Hey Julius. There's this really cute girl in my class, and I think she likes me too. What should I do to attract her attention?"

- It's a known fact that women love to be spat on. That's a fact.
- Women also like a sensitive guy, so you know, standing outside her house behind the bushes and staring at her hours, will make her WET. WET I tell ya.
- Bragging about penis size and how fast your car is, also incredibly important.
- Above all though, women absolutely love an undying porn addict. There's absolutely nothing sexier than another guy masturbating to someone who's not you.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the neverfapdeluxe website
- I also do another podcast, The Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
