{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-40",
	"episode_number": 40,
	"slug": "ep-40-deciding-to-overcome-porn-addiction-doesn't-get-easier",
	"title": "#40 - Deciding To Overcome Porn Addiction Doesn't Get Easier",
	"date": "2020-08-21T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-21T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: I'm The Reade is coming home bby! 2. The Topic: Deciding To Overcome Porn Addiction Doesn't Get Easier 3. The Viewermail: A dead fetus, the star of today's viewermail. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Deciding To Overcome Porn Addiction Doesn't Get Easier\n\n- A lot of people seeme to be looking for that perfect moment or time to quit their addiction.\n- Basically, there is never going to be an ideal time in your life to quit. You think high school or uni is hard? Trying having a full-time job and kids.\n- The point is that there will always be stress in our lives, and certainly a first priority is to learn to eliminate that stress.\n- Next step obviously is to then healthily manage that stress and expectation using healthy coping mechanisms i.e. not porn.\n- Instead, how I look at it is that although there is never an ideal time to recover, there is always an ideal recovery process.\n- Now this is important, because it basically means that there is always a viable way forward no matter what you're experiencing.\n- Basically, as long as you understand the fundamentals, you will clarity over what you need to do, and with that clarity essentially you can have confidence in your recovery.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Beijing,China",
			"notes": "\nAddison Murphy from Beijing, China.\n\n\"I think I just had a miscarriage, but the dead featus refuses to come out and it's starting to smell. What should I do?\"\n\n- Obviously Addison this must be a difficult time for you.\n- I recommend using a set of stell tongs dipped in mercury, to really help slide that sucka out!\n- Shooting it with a gun is also a great way to let it slide out. Usually shoving the barrel of the shotgun as deep as I can before pulling the trigger.\n- To stop the smell I generally like to blast a can of deo in there. Maybe you can have some scented candles inside the great cavern that is your vaginal walls.\n- Alternatively you could just keep it in there. I know some guys are into that. I know I'd be down for a fetus fest, as we like to call it in the indutry.\n- Of course, knowing you're chinese I'm sure there's some kind of dish out you can use it with. You could potentially cook into a stew. Maybe chuck it into some Special Fri Rye!\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"addiction",
		"overcoming"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/Deciding/id2979644?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/40---Deciding-To-Overcome-Porn-Addiction-Doesn't-Get-Easier-id2979644-id297352408",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/8NWA4MlIkTZfy/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/8NWA4MlIkTZfy/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 8"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Deciding To Overcome Porn Addiction Doesn't Get Easier

- A lot of people seeme to be looking for that perfect moment or time to quit their addiction.
- Basically, there is never going to be an ideal time in your life to quit. You think high school or uni is hard? Trying having a full-time job and kids.
- The point is that there will always be stress in our lives, and certainly a first priority is to learn to eliminate that stress.
- Next step obviously is to then healthily manage that stress and expectation using healthy coping mechanisms i.e. not porn.
- Instead, how I look at it is that although there is never an ideal time to recover, there is always an ideal recovery process.
- Now this is important, because it basically means that there is always a viable way forward no matter what you're experiencing.
- Basically, as long as you understand the fundamentals, you will clarity over what you need to do, and with that clarity essentially you can have confidence in your recovery.
      
### the_viewermail


Addison Murphy from Beijing, China.

"I think I just had a miscarriage, but the dead featus refuses to come out and it's starting to smell. What should I do?"

- Obviously Addison this must be a difficult time for you.
- I recommend using a set of stell tongs dipped in mercury, to really help slide that sucka out!
- Shooting it with a gun is also a great way to let it slide out. Usually shoving the barrel of the shotgun as deep as I can before pulling the trigger.
- To stop the smell I generally like to blast a can of deo in there. Maybe you can have some scented candles inside the great cavern that is your vaginal walls.
- Alternatively you could just keep it in there. I know some guys are into that. I know I'd be down for a fetus fest, as we like to call it in the indutry.
- Of course, knowing you're chinese I'm sure there's some kind of dish out you can use it with. You could potentially cook into a stew. Maybe chuck it into some Special Fri Rye!

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
