{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-41",
	"episode_number": 41,
	"slug": "ep-41-is-it-okay-to-have-sex-during-recovery",
	"title": "#41 - Is It Okay To Have Sex During Recovery?",
	"date": "2020-08-26T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-26T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Daddy Reade is ready to checkup on you. 2. The Topic: Is It Okay To Have Sex During Recovery? 3. The Viewermail: I teach a child how to use a particle accelerator on their penis. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Is It Okay To Have Sex During Recovery?\n\n- Talking about sex today.\n- Firstly, if you haven't had sex before, it's totally overated. Don't get me wrong it's great, but man, go write a novel or something. I perfer writing my novel at least.\n- Of course if you haven't had sex it's probably the best thing in the world.\n- Back to the topic though, here's how I explain: Generally there's nothing wrong with having sex, as long as you don't orgasm.\n- The whole point of recovery is to come to some sort of consistent mental balance, and orgasm completely destroy that. The week following orgasm, whether that be a wet dream or w/e, I feel pretty off.\n- What I would say is that there's nothing wrong with orgasming. It's an intended human function. But within the context of recovery, it makes it so much harder to maintain mental balance.\n- Especially in regards to your emotions and feelings. Basically any kind of huge dopamine rush should be avoided, in my opinion if you want make recovery easy.\n- I maintain that you can only guarantee your recovery if you ensure that it will be literally effortless.\n- In terms of abstaining during se, it took me about a year to kind of master that. Yeah, it makes sex better. You last longer, you don't feel drained afterwards. It's great!\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "I love cats",
			"notes": "\nI love cats.\n\n\"Hello Daddy Doctor Reade. It's me again. You said you recommend I use a chainsaw when I masturbate. So I did that, but now I'm so addicted that I'm now sticking my dick in a particle accelerator. It forces the semen out, but it hurts like a motherfucker. What should I do?\"\n\n- I myself have also become addicted to using a particle accelerator, and it basically sounds like you're not aiming the beam right. The key is to aim the particle beam directly down your shaft. That way it minimises the tearage from the particles exploding inside your penis.\n- I find what helps as well is to pretend that you're stephen hawking while using the particle accelerator, so that it feels as if you're truly really getting into it. The wheelchair and drooling, obviously are important aspects\n- If you're struggling with pain, I find using your mouth afterwards on your penis can help dampen excruciating piercing of having an atom explode inside your penis\n- Long term I recommend going periodically back to the chainsaw to help ween off your dependency\n- And if you're really struggling, I recommend masturbating to pictures of The Reade. I find that's helpful for most addictions.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"sex",
		"recovery"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id300408837?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/41---Is-It-Okay-To-Have-Sex-During-Recovery--id2979644-id300408837",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/u2LJ0n4lx6jF6/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/u2LJ0n4lx6jF6/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 9"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Is It Okay To Have Sex During Recovery?

- Talking about sex today.
- Firstly, if you haven't had sex before, it's totally overated. Don't get me wrong it's great, but man, go write a novel or something. I perfer writing my novel at least.
- Of course if you haven't had sex it's probably the best thing in the world.
- Back to the topic though, here's how I explain: Generally there's nothing wrong with having sex, as long as you don't orgasm.
- The whole point of recovery is to come to some sort of consistent mental balance, and orgasm completely destroy that. The week following orgasm, whether that be a wet dream or w/e, I feel pretty off.
- What I would say is that there's nothing wrong with orgasming. It's an intended human function. But within the context of recovery, it makes it so much harder to maintain mental balance.
- Especially in regards to your emotions and feelings. Basically any kind of huge dopamine rush should be avoided, in my opinion if you want make recovery easy.
- I maintain that you can only guarantee your recovery if you ensure that it will be literally effortless.
- In terms of abstaining during se, it took me about a year to kind of master that. Yeah, it makes sex better. You last longer, you don't feel drained afterwards. It's great!
      
### the_viewermail


I love cats.

"Hello Daddy Doctor Reade. It's me again. You said you recommend I use a chainsaw when I masturbate. So I did that, but now I'm so addicted that I'm now sticking my dick in a particle accelerator. It forces the semen out, but it hurts like a motherfucker. What should I do?"

- I myself have also become addicted to using a particle accelerator, and it basically sounds like you're not aiming the beam right. The key is to aim the particle beam directly down your shaft. That way it minimises the tearage from the particles exploding inside your penis.
- I find what helps as well is to pretend that you're stephen hawking while using the particle accelerator, so that it feels as if you're truly really getting into it. The wheelchair and drooling, obviously are important aspects
- If you're struggling with pain, I find using your mouth afterwards on your penis can help dampen excruciating piercing of having an atom explode inside your penis
- Long term I recommend going periodically back to the chainsaw to help ween off your dependency
- And if you're really struggling, I recommend masturbating to pictures of The Reade. I find that's helpful for most addictions.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
