{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-42",
	"episode_number": 42,
	"slug": "ep-42-the-benefits-of-cold-showers",
	"title": "#42 - The Benefits Of Cold Showers",
	"date": "2020-08-27T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-27T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: The Daddy is here to help. 2. The Topic: The Benefits Of Cold Showers 3. The Viewermail: It's totally okay to masturbate with steriods. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"The Benefits Of Cold Showers\"\n\n- Today talking about cold showers obviously.\n- Aside obviously from the physical benefits, cold showers themselves aren't useful, so much how you decide to approach cold showers.\n- Basically what cold showers do is that they help you learn to deal with difficult situations more easily, but only if you want it to be easy.\n- Here's the deal, if you go into a cold shower thinking it will be easy and effortless and you go in without fear, it's actually not unbearable.\n- However if you go in thinking it's going to be the worst thing ever, then it truly is.\n- Basically it teaches you that no matter what you're going through, attitude is everything.\n- Because cold showers are not pleasant. It doesn't matter if you've only had 1 or a 1,000 - it's just as cold and as unpleasant each time.\n- That's the main benefit in my opinion.\n- Certainly they don't replace meditation in any sense of the word in terms of maintaining mental balance, but ultimately they can help you deal with difficult situations more easily.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Göteborg, Sweden",
			"notes": "\nOlivia Barnes from Göteborg, Sweden.\n\n\"I've been experimenting with steroids lately. Unfortunately my arm exploded and I can no longer masturbate anymore. Would you be willing to help out?\"\n\n- I guess it depends. Are you a girl pretending to be a guy, then I will happily assist with your masturbation adventures.\n- Of course I'm weary of your request, this could definitely be one of those gay traps that people keep hearing about. You know, a guy who pretends to be a girl, but then he sticks his penis inside you and it's already too late.\n- With that said, I think your request is a valid one. Have you ever tried masturbating with your non-dominant hand? Now that's wierd.\n- In addition, will you also let me stick my penis into the gaping hole where your arm exploded. That's been a long-awaited fetish of mine, that I've been hoping to satisfy since I was three.\n- Worst case scenario, just rub against other people on the train when it's really packed in the morning, that way no one will know, and you'll get to obviously satisfy that feeling you ever so desire.\n- Obviously don't do that. It's weird.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"cold showers",
		"healthy coping mechanisms"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id300409049?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/42---The-Benefits-Of-Cold-Showers-id2979644-id300409049",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/84ZzhsJZWlE3e/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/84ZzhsJZWlE3e/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 9"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

"The Benefits Of Cold Showers"

- Today talking about cold showers obviously.
- Aside obviously from the physical benefits, cold showers themselves aren't useful, so much how you decide to approach cold showers.
- Basically what cold showers do is that they help you learn to deal with difficult situations more easily, but only if you want it to be easy.
- Here's the deal, if you go into a cold shower thinking it will be easy and effortless and you go in without fear, it's actually not unbearable.
- However if you go in thinking it's going to be the worst thing ever, then it truly is.
- Basically it teaches you that no matter what you're going through, attitude is everything.
- Because cold showers are not pleasant. It doesn't matter if you've only had 1 or a 1,000 - it's just as cold and as unpleasant each time.
- That's the main benefit in my opinion.
- Certainly they don't replace meditation in any sense of the word in terms of maintaining mental balance, but ultimately they can help you deal with difficult situations more easily.
      
### the_viewermail


Olivia Barnes from Göteborg, Sweden.

"I've been experimenting with steroids lately. Unfortunately my arm exploded and I can no longer masturbate anymore. Would you be willing to help out?"

- I guess it depends. Are you a girl pretending to be a guy, then I will happily assist with your masturbation adventures.
- Of course I'm weary of your request, this could definitely be one of those gay traps that people keep hearing about. You know, a guy who pretends to be a girl, but then he sticks his penis inside you and it's already too late.
- With that said, I think your request is a valid one. Have you ever tried masturbating with your non-dominant hand? Now that's wierd.
- In addition, will you also let me stick my penis into the gaping hole where your arm exploded. That's been a long-awaited fetish of mine, that I've been hoping to satisfy since I was three.
- Worst case scenario, just rub against other people on the train when it's really packed in the morning, that way no one will know, and you'll get to obviously satisfy that feeling you ever so desire.
- Obviously don't do that. It's weird.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
