{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-43",
	"episode_number": 43,
	"slug": "ep-43-when-did-you-first-start-watching-porn",
	"title": "#43 - When Did You First Start Watching Porn?",
	"date": "2020-08-28T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-28T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: There you go. 2. The Topic: When Did You First Start Watching Porn? 3. The Viewermail: It's probably a good idea not to get your mother pregnant. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "When Did You First Start Watching Porn?\n\n- This is one of those casual Julius Reade topics that he likes to throw in every once in a while.\n- Personally I started watching porn pretty soon after I figured out how to masturbate. I guess it just made sense logically.\n- I started when I was 10, basically.\n- And like, people say that's really young, but you don't realise that as a kid. You think it's completely normal, when it's basically equivalent to getting a kid hooked on cigarettes at a young age.\n- I wasn't watching porn in the beginning because I didn't have access to it. But it was like newspaper clippings, and there was this ad in China to do with breast augmentation.\n- In the beginning it was just a lot of pictures, because the internet wasn't fast enough. And I would like, gather a heap of them into a word documents.\n- Then yeah it was like videos. Then like multiple videos on screen. God forbid VR porn, I wouldn't even know how I would cope with that.\n- What I want to say however is that it doesn't matter when you started, it's completely irrelevant in the context of your recovery.\n- What matters is how you commit to mental balance, and everyone has the same capability in that regard.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Belfast, United Kingdom",
			"notes": "\nEthan Watson from Belfast, United Kingdom.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Even though I know it's wrong, I've always wanted to get my mother pregnant. How should I tell her?\"\n\n- Well, you definitely shouldn't tell her and I can guarantee that this is the kind of thing you want to permanently repress forever.\n- Of course, it depends. Is your mum hot? Does she have a tight kahuna!?! Double D's obviously very desirable.\n- Maybe you're really into having genetically retarded kids. Maybe that's something that you've dreaming about, ever since you blew that guy in a wheelchair.\n- And you know, why stop at mum? How's grand ma doing these days? You know, there's nothing quite like a bit of talcum powder to go with your lube.\n- Maybe have the whole family around, you can have one of those family orgies. Mum. Dad. The kids. Obviously Uncle Jim is expected to make an appearance.\n- But yeah, if your mum's a bit dog, then just repress it. Maybe try cutting. I know that helps quite a many million.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"porn",
		"perspective"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/Did/id2979644?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/43---When-Did-You-First-Start-Watching-Porn--id2979644-id300409337",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/bAlGLD0BsDpOo/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/bAlGLD0BsDpOo/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 9"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

When Did You First Start Watching Porn?

- This is one of those casual Julius Reade topics that he likes to throw in every once in a while.
- Personally I started watching porn pretty soon after I figured out how to masturbate. I guess it just made sense logically.
- I started when I was 10, basically.
- And like, people say that's really young, but you don't realise that as a kid. You think it's completely normal, when it's basically equivalent to getting a kid hooked on cigarettes at a young age.
- I wasn't watching porn in the beginning because I didn't have access to it. But it was like newspaper clippings, and there was this ad in China to do with breast augmentation.
- In the beginning it was just a lot of pictures, because the internet wasn't fast enough. And I would like, gather a heap of them into a word documents.
- Then yeah it was like videos. Then like multiple videos on screen. God forbid VR porn, I wouldn't even know how I would cope with that.
- What I want to say however is that it doesn't matter when you started, it's completely irrelevant in the context of your recovery.
- What matters is how you commit to mental balance, and everyone has the same capability in that regard.
      
### the_viewermail


Ethan Watson from Belfast, United Kingdom.

"Hey Julius. Even though I know it's wrong, I've always wanted to get my mother pregnant. How should I tell her?"

- Well, you definitely shouldn't tell her and I can guarantee that this is the kind of thing you want to permanently repress forever.
- Of course, it depends. Is your mum hot? Does she have a tight kahuna!?! Double D's obviously very desirable.
- Maybe you're really into having genetically retarded kids. Maybe that's something that you've dreaming about, ever since you blew that guy in a wheelchair.
- And you know, why stop at mum? How's grand ma doing these days? You know, there's nothing quite like a bit of talcum powder to go with your lube.
- Maybe have the whole family around, you can have one of those family orgies. Mum. Dad. The kids. Obviously Uncle Jim is expected to make an appearance.
- But yeah, if your mum's a bit dog, then just repress it. Maybe try cutting. I know that helps quite a many million.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
