{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-44",
	"episode_number": 44,
	"slug": "ep-44-recovery-is-about-learning-to-cope-more-effectively",
	"title": "#44 - Recovery Is About Learning To Cope More Effectively",
	"date": "2020-08-31T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-08-31T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Have ya free checkup son! 2. The Topic: Recovery Is About Learning To Cope More Effectively 3. The Viewermail: It's Dan from the UK! Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Recovery Is About Learning To Cope More Effectively\n\n- Recovery is a lot of things, but for today's topic I really want to centre in around this concept of coping.\n- Here's the deal: Everything you do in life is to cope.\n- To cope with hunger we eat. To cope with loneliness to talk to people.\n- Coping isn't necessarily solely about dealing with mental illness or trauma, but it can be as simple as reading a book in order to satisfy your curiosity for knowledge.\n- Now, there's no right or wrong way to cope. Ultimately it's better to cope, than not to cope.\n- The alternative to not coping is killing yourself, and if you're not coping effective, you're essentially not coping at all.\n- And obviously some coping mechanisms are more effective than others, while other coping mechanisms can be effective, but also can be unhealthy. Take drinking alcohol for example in order to distract yourself from your thoughts. (explain)\n- Ultimately what NeverFap Deluxe is about is learning to cope more effectively. That is to say, cope with healthy coping mechanisms which don't cause suffering, and to replace unhealthy coping mechanism with healthy ones.\n- Now, this process of identifying, adopting and changing and behaviours is ultimately the process of recovery.\n- Another point is that it's important to cope. You can't just remove a coping mechanism without replacing it.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Dan from the UK",
			"notes": "\nDan from the UK.\n\n\"Hi Julius!! I’m Dan from the UK. What are the best exercises to increase my flexibility to suck my own penis so I can stop jacking off?!?! Love the show brother.\"\n\n- The best thing you can do, in my opinion as a man of sex and luxury, is attempt to dislocate as many limbs as possible. And definitely try and sexualise it as well, to deal with the unnerving pain.\n- Blowing The Reade as well, is a great to develop that flexibility. Essentially the challenge of trying to blow my mountainous cock is basically going to set you up to do anything in life, whether that be climb mount everest, or blow yourself.\n- Obviously your intention is to stop jacking off, but you know, is it really jacking off if it's your sister's hand? Just sayin', I think there's a number of loopholes which you might benefit from.\n- Maybe you own a pet or two.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"recovery",
		"coping"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "44",
	"castboxLink": "44",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/OyXCfQoRNdUBy/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/OyXCfQoRNdUBy/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 44"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Recovery Is About Learning To Cope More Effectively

- Recovery is a lot of things, but for today's topic I really want to centre in around this concept of coping.
- Here's the deal: Everything you do in life is to cope.
- To cope with hunger we eat. To cope with loneliness to talk to people.
- Coping isn't necessarily solely about dealing with mental illness or trauma, but it can be as simple as reading a book in order to satisfy your curiosity for knowledge.
- Now, there's no right or wrong way to cope. Ultimately it's better to cope, than not to cope.
- The alternative to not coping is killing yourself, and if you're not coping effective, you're essentially not coping at all.
- And obviously some coping mechanisms are more effective than others, while other coping mechanisms can be effective, but also can be unhealthy. Take drinking alcohol for example in order to distract yourself from your thoughts. (explain)
- Ultimately what NeverFap Deluxe is about is learning to cope more effectively. That is to say, cope with healthy coping mechanisms which don't cause suffering, and to replace unhealthy coping mechanism with healthy ones.
- Now, this process of identifying, adopting and changing and behaviours is ultimately the process of recovery.
- Another point is that it's important to cope. You can't just remove a coping mechanism without replacing it.
      
### the_viewermail


Dan from the UK.

"Hi Julius!! I’m Dan from the UK. What are the best exercises to increase my flexibility to suck my own penis so I can stop jacking off?!?! Love the show brother."

- The best thing you can do, in my opinion as a man of sex and luxury, is attempt to dislocate as many limbs as possible. And definitely try and sexualise it as well, to deal with the unnerving pain.
- Blowing The Reade as well, is a great to develop that flexibility. Essentially the challenge of trying to blow my mountainous cock is basically going to set you up to do anything in life, whether that be climb mount everest, or blow yourself.
- Obviously your intention is to stop jacking off, but you know, is it really jacking off if it's your sister's hand? Just sayin', I think there's a number of loopholes which you might benefit from.
- Maybe you own a pet or two.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
