{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-45",
	"episode_number": 45,
	"slug": "ep-45-will-you-regret-never-watching-porn-again",
	"title": "#45 - Will You Regret Never Watching Porn Again?",
	"date": "2020-09-02T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-09-02T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Today's checkup is brought to you by a major Japanese retailer. 2. The Topic: Will You Regret Never Watching Porn Again? 3. The Viewermail: Let's all buy my 10 part guide to suicide. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\"Will You Regret Never Watching Porn Again?\"\n\n- There's a common fear that by not watching porn you're actually missing out on something.\n- It's an irrational fear because it literally makes no sense if you understand what recovery is, which is fine because those starting out have no idea what to expect with recovery, so they have all sorts of crazy ideas and theories.\n- Here's the deal, porn addict scum. You dirty little dick toucher.\n- Once you're recovered you won't be think about porn at all. Like, at all. You won't be craving it. It will just be like a distant memory.\n- Put simply, it's not possible to regret something which you do not think about.\n- Of course, you do still have the potential to regret, but that's only if you fail to maintain mental balance.\n- Like I say, mental health is not like a switch that you flick on. It's a constant state of working on yourself, no different to eating every day.\n- If you don't eat, you starve. If you don't meditate, you lose mental balance.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Mobile, United States",
			"notes": "\nLily Martinez from Mobile, United States.\n\n\"Hey JuJu. I've tried to kill myself five times this week, and yet I'm still here. What am I doing wrong?\"\n\n- Well XXXX, chances are that you're actually a ghost. (play ghost sound)\n- Truth is, you're actually just a bitch and everyone was plain ignoring you anyway, as if you were dead.\n- Because guess what bitch, you are completely dead to me.\n- Of course, I'm down for ghost sex. It's basically where I have sex with you as if you're not there, just like how your parents treated you your whole life.\n- Although seriously if you are struggling to kill yourself, then I've written a book, The Julius Reade Guide to Suicide.\n- It comes with 101 halal-approved tips to kill yourself sensibly, and without incurring the wrath of God.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"regret",
		"porn addiction"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id300700864?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/45---Will-You-Regret-Never-Watching-Porn-Again--id2979644-id300700864",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/VJCVx0oBjcOfbxlR1v/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/VJCVx0oBjcOfbxlR1v/giphy-downsized-medium.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 10"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

"Will You Regret Never Watching Porn Again?"

- There's a common fear that by not watching porn you're actually missing out on something.
- It's an irrational fear because it literally makes no sense if you understand what recovery is, which is fine because those starting out have no idea what to expect with recovery, so they have all sorts of crazy ideas and theories.
- Here's the deal, porn addict scum. You dirty little dick toucher.
- Once you're recovered you won't be think about porn at all. Like, at all. You won't be craving it. It will just be like a distant memory.
- Put simply, it's not possible to regret something which you do not think about.
- Of course, you do still have the potential to regret, but that's only if you fail to maintain mental balance.
- Like I say, mental health is not like a switch that you flick on. It's a constant state of working on yourself, no different to eating every day.
- If you don't eat, you starve. If you don't meditate, you lose mental balance.
      
### the_viewermail


Lily Martinez from Mobile, United States.

"Hey JuJu. I've tried to kill myself five times this week, and yet I'm still here. What am I doing wrong?"

- Well XXXX, chances are that you're actually a ghost. (play ghost sound)
- Truth is, you're actually just a bitch and everyone was plain ignoring you anyway, as if you were dead.
- Because guess what bitch, you are completely dead to me.
- Of course, I'm down for ghost sex. It's basically where I have sex with you as if you're not there, just like how your parents treated you your whole life.
- Although seriously if you are struggling to kill yourself, then I've written a book, The Julius Reade Guide to Suicide.
- It comes with 101 halal-approved tips to kill yourself sensibly, and without incurring the wrath of God.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
