{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-46",
	"episode_number": 46,
	"slug": "ep-46-how-would-you-like-to-live-your-life",
	"title": "#46 - How Would You Like To Live Your Life?",
	"date": "2020-09-04T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-09-04T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: There's nothing gay about a grown man checking up on toi. 2. The Topic: How Would You Like To Live Your Life? 3. The Viewermail: Guns are bad. Please give all your guns to The Reade immediately for sexual refinement. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "How Would You Like To Live Your Life?\n\n- This is something that can be useful for you to think about during your day.\n- But who would you like to become? Do you have role models in life, perhaps?\n- I suppose in addressing this question, I would probably ask you to think of this question from an emotional perspective. What I mean is that people focus too much on goals. Things they want to achieve, and in the process they neglect what actually matters, which is how we feel.\n- There's no point being successful at something, if you're always miserable. Unfortunately a lot of us have convinced ourselves that we would rather be successful than happy.\n- I think it also highlights how frail this idea of success is. It's this lie that's fed to us by other successful people, to justify their own misery.\n- What I personally would say in regards to this question, is that I'd like to live life happy. I think that's what life is about at the end of the day, to simply be happy.\n- And if this isn't something that you prioritise or think about, then arguably you're focusing on the wrong things.\n- People buy into the lie that by suffering now, they'll be happy in the future. But all that merely does is teach them to suffer, not actually to be happy.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "Raleigh, United States",
			"notes": "\nTaylor Powell from Raleigh, United States.\n\n\"I recently bought a gun in order to intimidate other people and inflate my own ego. However I'm too afraid to actually use it in a self-defense situation. What should I do!?!?\"\n\n- Listen, as a gun safety expert, it's important that you do everything I say. Otherwise you'll end up shooting yourself, or even worse. Marrying a black man. RACISM.\n- Now the main thing with guns is to practice using them on actual people. Children. Parents. The elderly. It's the only way you're going to perfect your headshots.\n- Now the first rule of gun practice is to always shoot first, ask questions later. Because everyone is a threat. Anyone could be carrying a gun. Even your own child could shoot you!\n- Maybe a kid is coming up behind you, trying to steal your wallet. BAM! Bullet to the head.\n- Next step is to start robbing banks. That will test you against actual armed opponents, primarily the police.\n- Then assuming you haven't been killed in a federal shootout, it's time for the ultimate test. It's time to take over a military base.\n- Now although this may seem daunting to you, this really only covers the bare minimum in terms of basic gun training.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"life",
		"success"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id300701131?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/46---How-Would-You-Like-To-Live-Your-Life--id2979644-id300701131",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/ui1hpJSyBDWlG/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/ui1hpJSyBDWlG/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode",
		"week 10"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

How Would You Like To Live Your Life?

- This is something that can be useful for you to think about during your day.
- But who would you like to become? Do you have role models in life, perhaps?
- I suppose in addressing this question, I would probably ask you to think of this question from an emotional perspective. What I mean is that people focus too much on goals. Things they want to achieve, and in the process they neglect what actually matters, which is how we feel.
- There's no point being successful at something, if you're always miserable. Unfortunately a lot of us have convinced ourselves that we would rather be successful than happy.
- I think it also highlights how frail this idea of success is. It's this lie that's fed to us by other successful people, to justify their own misery.
- What I personally would say in regards to this question, is that I'd like to live life happy. I think that's what life is about at the end of the day, to simply be happy.
- And if this isn't something that you prioritise or think about, then arguably you're focusing on the wrong things.
- People buy into the lie that by suffering now, they'll be happy in the future. But all that merely does is teach them to suffer, not actually to be happy.
      
### the_viewermail


Taylor Powell from Raleigh, United States.

"I recently bought a gun in order to intimidate other people and inflate my own ego. However I'm too afraid to actually use it in a self-defense situation. What should I do!?!?"

- Listen, as a gun safety expert, it's important that you do everything I say. Otherwise you'll end up shooting yourself, or even worse. Marrying a black man. RACISM.
- Now the main thing with guns is to practice using them on actual people. Children. Parents. The elderly. It's the only way you're going to perfect your headshots.
- Now the first rule of gun practice is to always shoot first, ask questions later. Because everyone is a threat. Anyone could be carrying a gun. Even your own child could shoot you!
- Maybe a kid is coming up behind you, trying to steal your wallet. BAM! Bullet to the head.
- Next step is to start robbing banks. That will test you against actual armed opponents, primarily the police.
- Then assuming you haven't been killed in a federal shootout, it's time for the ultimate test. It's time to take over a military base.
- Now although this may seem daunting to you, this really only covers the bare minimum in terms of basic gun training.
      
### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
