{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-5",
	"episode_number": 5,
	"slug": "ep-5-why-mental-health-is-the-foundation-of-any-recovery",
	"title": "#5 - Why Mental Health Is The Foundation Of Any Recovery",
	"date": "2020-07-03T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: How are you doin' today, buddy! 2. The Topic: Why Mental Health Is The Foundation Of Any Recovery. 3. The Viewermail: Daniel has a 3rd nipple. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Why Mental Health Is The Foundation Of Any Recovery\n\n- Mental health is everything.\n- There's no point living if you're unhappy or don't have control over your mind (elaborate)\n- It's the basis for having control over your mind. Mental health is what allows you control.\n- This is why recovery is solely about getting your mental health in order.\n- And that's why I talk about things like HCM and UCM, because those things directly impact your mental health.\n- (distraction etc.)\n- What does this mean? It means practicing awareness and mental health exercises.\n- (I like to describe it as a routine of mental health)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nDaniel Gray from Alor Setar, Malaysia.\n\n\"Hey Julius. I think you're an awesome guy. Is it normal to have three nipples?\"\n\n- Well Daniel, as someone who has four nipples, I think three is a bit weird.\n- Everyone knows that an odd number of nipples is okay.\n- But the main thing with being weird, unlike myself, is to sexualise it.\n- Jump on the webcam. Touch the third nipple. I know I'd be down for that. Maybe send me an email, and I'll see what I can do.\n- Alright, it looks like my friday night is all sorted.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the neverfapdeluxe website\n- I also do another podcast, The Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"mental health",
		"foundation",
		"recovery"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id279910402?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/5---Why-Mental-Health-Is-The-Foundation-Of-Any-Recovery-id2979644-id279910402",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/84ZzhsJZWlE3e/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media3.giphy.com/media/84ZzhsJZWlE3e/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Why Mental Health Is The Foundation Of Any Recovery

- Mental health is everything.
- There's no point living if you're unhappy or don't have control over your mind (elaborate)
- It's the basis for having control over your mind. Mental health is what allows you control.
- This is why recovery is solely about getting your mental health in order.
- And that's why I talk about things like HCM and UCM, because those things directly impact your mental health.
- (distraction etc.)
- What does this mean? It means practicing awareness and mental health exercises.
- (I like to describe it as a routine of mental health)
      
### the_viewermail


Daniel Gray from Alor Setar, Malaysia.

"Hey Julius. I think you're an awesome guy. Is it normal to have three nipples?"

- Well Daniel, as someone who has four nipples, I think three is a bit weird.
- Everyone knows that an odd number of nipples is okay.
- But the main thing with being weird, unlike myself, is to sexualise it.
- Jump on the webcam. Touch the third nipple. I know I'd be down for that. Maybe send me an email, and I'll see what I can do.
- Alright, it looks like my friday night is all sorted.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the neverfapdeluxe website
- I also do another podcast, The Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
