{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-6",
	"episode_number": 6,
	"slug": "ep-6-why-guided-meditation-is-so-important",
	"title": "#6 - Why Guided Meditation Is So Important",
	"date": "2020-07-06T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-06T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: Allow The Reade to excite you this morning. 2. The Topic: Why Guided Meditation Is So Important 3. The Viewermail: I help a fellow NeverFapper out with his rampant \"Yellow Fever\". Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Why Guided Meditation Is So Important\n\n- The reason why is because it turns out I was meditation incorrectly for a very long time.\n- Meditating without a guide is like learning to speak based on what you've heard other people speak. Imagine trying to learn french without understanding any grammar, spelling, even pronounciation.\n- This is probably why there's so much misconception about meditation.\n- (quick explanation of what the purpose of meditation is) - Start with behaviours.\n- I can recommend Sam Harris, I also have my own guided meditations.\n- I've been thinking of recording more recently.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nBeet Meet\n\n\"Julius, I keep matching with asians on tinder, Is it because I'm a hairy white coloniser man? Is there some secret to getting laid with an asian girl that im just unaware of? Do i have to cook them a special dish? HELP JULIUS WHAT DO I DO?!?!?!\"\n\n- The key with asian women is to be as white as possible. Asian women loves white guys.\n- I also have yellow fever, so I personally like to soak my face in bleach at least 5 hours a day.\n- Industrial strength white paint, will also do you many favours.\n- Dim Sims and Spring Rolls, also highly popular with asian women. I like to slip one inside her during sex.\n- Learning to use chopsticks is also super important, mostly out of self-defence when she attempts to take over your bank account and leave you DRY.\n- The main however, is to actually just carry a gun, because irrespective of race, social status, wealth - no woman will ever turn you down if you have a gun.\n- But that's illegal, so definitely don't do that.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"meditation",
		"guided meditation"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id282593556?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/6---Why-Guided-Meditation-Is-So-Important-id2979644-id282593556",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media1.giphy.com/media/AZvMr2XNJIxPi/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/AZvMr2XNJIxPi/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Why Guided Meditation Is So Important

- The reason why is because it turns out I was meditation incorrectly for a very long time.
- Meditating without a guide is like learning to speak based on what you've heard other people speak. Imagine trying to learn french without understanding any grammar, spelling, even pronounciation.
- This is probably why there's so much misconception about meditation.
- (quick explanation of what the purpose of meditation is) - Start with behaviours.
- I can recommend Sam Harris, I also have my own guided meditations.
- I've been thinking of recording more recently.
      
### the_viewermail


Beet Meet

"Julius, I keep matching with asians on tinder, Is it because I'm a hairy white coloniser man? Is there some secret to getting laid with an asian girl that im just unaware of? Do i have to cook them a special dish? HELP JULIUS WHAT DO I DO?!?!?!"

- The key with asian women is to be as white as possible. Asian women loves white guys.
- I also have yellow fever, so I personally like to soak my face in bleach at least 5 hours a day.
- Industrial strength white paint, will also do you many favours.
- Dim Sims and Spring Rolls, also highly popular with asian women. I like to slip one inside her during sex.
- Learning to use chopsticks is also super important, mostly out of self-defence when she attempts to take over your bank account and leave you DRY.
- The main however, is to actually just carry a gun, because irrespective of race, social status, wealth - no woman will ever turn you down if you have a gun.
- But that's illegal, so definitely don't do that.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
