{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-7",
	"episode_number": 7,
	"slug": "ep-7-distraction-is-the-opposite-of-recovery",
	"title": "#7 - Distraction Is The Opposite Of Recovery",
	"date": "2020-07-07T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-07T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: It's another fantastic checkup from Le Reade. 2. The Topic: Distraction Is The Opposite Of Recovery 3. The Viewermail: Supporting your porn addicted partner. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Distraction Is The Opposite Of Recovery\n\n- Today I want to talk about coping mechanisms (that is, unhealthy coping mechanisms)\n- Distraction is an unhealthy coping mechanism (why, because it doesn't help you develop awareness)\n- (talk about why awareness is so important, as an alternative)\n- The only reason why we pursue distraction, is because it's what we've taught ourselves to do.\n- The easiest way to break these cycles is through understanding\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nClaire Evans from Khartoum, Sudan.\n\n\"Hey Julius. You have the most fantastic face I have ever seen!\"\n\"My boyfriend has a severe porn addiction, and I'm not sure how I can help him. What do you suggest?\"\n\n- Well Claire, the best thing you can do is to significantly lower your self-esteem, get a heap of plastic surgery and try and compete with these porn stars.\n- Because the best way you can help him is by fueling his addiction and exacerbating it, so that when he hits rock bottom, you'll be there to help him back up. And he'll be really grateful for that.\n- Jerking him while he watches porn is also really helpful.\n- But seriously speaking if you want to help him, is to donate all your life savings to NeverFap Deluxe. All proceeds go towards helping the less fortunate, but also I'm dying to build a new pool, so that would absolutely fantastic.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"distraction",
		"recovery"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "",
	"castboxLink": "",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media4.giphy.com/media/84ZzhsJZWlE3e/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/84ZzhsJZWlE3e/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Distraction Is The Opposite Of Recovery

- Today I want to talk about coping mechanisms (that is, unhealthy coping mechanisms)
- Distraction is an unhealthy coping mechanism (why, because it doesn't help you develop awareness)
- (talk about why awareness is so important, as an alternative)
- The only reason why we pursue distraction, is because it's what we've taught ourselves to do.
- The easiest way to break these cycles is through understanding
      
### the_viewermail


Claire Evans from Khartoum, Sudan.

"Hey Julius. You have the most fantastic face I have ever seen!"
"My boyfriend has a severe porn addiction, and I'm not sure how I can help him. What do you suggest?"

- Well Claire, the best thing you can do is to significantly lower your self-esteem, get a heap of plastic surgery and try and compete with these porn stars.
- Because the best way you can help him is by fueling his addiction and exacerbating it, so that when he hits rock bottom, you'll be there to help him back up. And he'll be really grateful for that.
- Jerking him while he watches porn is also really helpful.
- But seriously speaking if you want to help him, is to donate all your life savings to NeverFap Deluxe. All proceeds go towards helping the less fortunate, but also I'm dying to build a new pool, so that would absolutely fantastic.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
