{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-8",
	"episode_number": 8,
	"slug": "ep-8-what-does-it-mean-to-be-addicted-to-porn?",
	"title": "#8 - What Does It Mean To Be Addicted To Porn?",
	"date": "2020-07-08T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-08T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: It's checkup time, baby! 2. The Topic: What Does It Mean To Be Addicted To Porn? 3. The Viewermail: Does watching gay porn make you gay? Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "What Does It Mean To Be Addicted To Porn?\n\n- This is a personal question, only you can decide.\n- I personally would describe addiction as when you feel as if you have no choice in doing something.\n- I don't care if it's once a week, or once a month - if you feel as if you cannot live without that feeling, then it's an addiction.\n- And the hard thing is that you don't realise this until after you overcome your addiction.\n- In my case, I guess addiction meant not being able to control myself.\n- And recovery to me means having control over my mind.\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nIsabella Alexander from Sucre, Bolivia.\n\n\"Hey Julius. I'm addicted to gay porn. Does that make me gay?\"\n\n- Watching gay porn is possibly one of the gayest anyone can do.\n- Watching gay porn is gayer than taking a cock, while vomitting on another cock because you're in the middle of a cock sandwich.\n- Watching gay porn is gayer than blowing a guy at a gay club, which he tickles your nut sack.\n- I tell ya what isn't gay though. Shooting children in a mall. That's possibly the manliest thing anyone can do, so I recommend pickin' up a gun. Killing a kid, and feeling proud of yourself.\n- So that sketch was clearly advocating child murder.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"addiction",
		"recovery"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id282593793?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/8---What-Does-It-Mean-To-Be-Addicted-To-Porn--id2979644-id282593793",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media0.giphy.com/media/u2LJ0n4lx6jF6/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/u2LJ0n4lx6jF6/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

What Does It Mean To Be Addicted To Porn?

- This is a personal question, only you can decide.
- I personally would describe addiction as when you feel as if you have no choice in doing something.
- I don't care if it's once a week, or once a month - if you feel as if you cannot live without that feeling, then it's an addiction.
- And the hard thing is that you don't realise this until after you overcome your addiction.
- In my case, I guess addiction meant not being able to control myself.
- And recovery to me means having control over my mind.
      
### the_viewermail


Isabella Alexander from Sucre, Bolivia.

"Hey Julius. I'm addicted to gay porn. Does that make me gay?"

- Watching gay porn is possibly one of the gayest anyone can do.
- Watching gay porn is gayer than taking a cock, while vomitting on another cock because you're in the middle of a cock sandwich.
- Watching gay porn is gayer than blowing a guy at a gay club, which he tickles your nut sack.
- I tell ya what isn't gay though. Shooting children in a mall. That's possibly the manliest thing anyone can do, so I recommend pickin' up a gun. Killing a kid, and feeling proud of yourself.
- So that sketch was clearly advocating child murder.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
