{
	"id": "twd-podcast-item-9",
	"episode_number": 9,
	"slug": "ep-9-porn-addiction-is-a-symptom",
	"title": "#9 - Porn Addiction Is A Symptom",
	"date": "2020-07-09T07:00:00+10:00",
	"publishDate": "2019-05-25T07:00:00+10:00",
	"socialPublishDate": "2020-07-09T07:30:00+10:00",
	"description": "",
	"content": "1. The Checkup: LET ME CHECK UP ON YOU. 2. The Topic: Porn Addiction Is A Symptom 3. The Viewermail: Apparently I sent an illegitimate dick pic. Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n",
	"notes": "",
	"segments": [
		{
			"title": "the_checkup",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\n- How are you coping with life?\n- Did you meditate today?\n- Did you exercise today?\n- Did you remain calm today?\n- Did you remain aware today?\n- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_topic",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "Porn Addiction Is A Symptom\n\n- Porn Addiction is a symptom. (talk about other symptoms)\n- The cause is not having control over your mind. (in other words, not having your mental health in order)\n- The problem is that a lot of the time we just try and address symptoms.\n- Porn blockers, for example. Symptoms.\n- (how do you develop control over your mind)\n- At the end of the day, your mental health is King.\n- God of course, an extraneous concept above King (but we don't talk about religion on the show)\n      "
		},
		{
			"title": "the_viewermail",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "\nIsaiah Morris from Veracruz, Mexico.\n\n\"Hey Julius. Thank you for last night's dick pic.\"\n\"I noticed that your penis was black in the future, but you're an asian man. How is that possible.\"\n\n- Firstly, how dare you accuse me of faking my dick pics.\n- They are 100% authentic pictures of my penis.\n- I even use makeup down there to make it look nice. I like a blush on my nutsack.\n- I mean clearly what this means is that there are other people in the dic pic community who are pretending to be me and circulating grossly exaggerated pictures of my penis to ruin my name.\n- For those at home wondering whether their dic pic is authentic, here are the key traits to look out for.\n- At least 1 metre long. Anything less, and it's a fake.\n- Silky yellow skin.\n- Definitely not cheesy. It is as clean as a whistle.\n- Perfect girth.\n"
		},
		{
			"title": "the_outro",
			"gist": "",
			"notes": "- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel\n- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com\n- Checkout the website\n- Mention the Writer's Daily\n- Look after your mental health\n      "
		}
	],
	"tags": [
		"symptom",
		"porn addiction"
	],
	"castboxEmbedUrl": "<iframe src=\"https://castbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id2979644/id282594194?v=8.22.11&autoplay=0&hide_list=1\" frameborder=\"0\" width=\"100%\" height=\"220\"></iframe>",
	"castboxLink": "https://castbox.fm/episode/9---Porn-Addiction-Is-A-Symptom-id2979644-id282594194",
	"featured_image": "NA",
	"background_image": "NA",
	"giphy_still": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/baTnFeHCGqj3G/480w_s.jpg",
	"giphy_medium": "https://media2.giphy.com/media/baTnFeHCGqj3G/giphy.gif",
	"draft": false,
	"curated_type": "curated_podcast",
	"links": [
		{
			"title": "CastboxMp3Url",
			"link": ""
		}
	],
	"socials": [],
	"categories": [
		"episode"
	]
}

### the_checkup


- How are you coping with life?
- Did you meditate today?
- Did you exercise today?
- Did you remain calm today?
- Did you remain aware today?
- What are you going to do differently tomorrow?
      
### the_topic

Porn Addiction Is A Symptom

- Porn Addiction is a symptom. (talk about other symptoms)
- The cause is not having control over your mind. (in other words, not having your mental health in order)
- The problem is that a lot of the time we just try and address symptoms.
- Porn blockers, for example. Symptoms.
- (how do you develop control over your mind)
- At the end of the day, your mental health is King.
- God of course, an extraneous concept above King (but we don't talk about religion on the show)
      
### the_viewermail


Isaiah Morris from Veracruz, Mexico.

"Hey Julius. Thank you for last night's dick pic."
"I noticed that your penis was black in the future, but you're an asian man. How is that possible."

- Firstly, how dare you accuse me of faking my dick pics.
- They are 100% authentic pictures of my penis.
- I even use makeup down there to make it look nice. I like a blush on my nutsack.
- I mean clearly what this means is that there are other people in the dic pic community who are pretending to be me and circulating grossly exaggerated pictures of my penis to ruin my name.
- For those at home wondering whether their dic pic is authentic, here are the key traits to look out for.
- At least 1 metre long. Anything less, and it's a fake.
- Silky yellow skin.
- Definitely not cheesy. It is as clean as a whistle.
- Perfect girth.

### the_outro

- Facebook, Twitter, Discord, Reddit, Castbox Channel
- Email: neverfapdeluxe@gmail.com
- Checkout the website
- Mention the Writer's Daily
- Look after your mental health
      
